
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9374149292750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94863632                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                176798717                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              240353610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    63.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6025767087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11230312378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12830464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12830464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         840386114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             840386114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1265970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1265970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1265970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        840386114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            841652084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        302                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      302                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12828096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12830528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267408000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200477                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  302                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.570922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.972057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.314208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40209     41.18%     41.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45469     46.57%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10343     10.59%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1456      1.49%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          131      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10939.944444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10843.274237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1494.980011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     16.67%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.56%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            6     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.56%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     11.11%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     11.11%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4809790750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8568022000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1002195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23996.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42746.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       840.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    840.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102833                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76040.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346632720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184247250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               710822700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  41760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1641952830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24454560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5182642350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        91178400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387281610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.860157                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11601712375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    237062750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146261750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11364649625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350509740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186300345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               720304620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1461600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1659718590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24541920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5138920500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       112948800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9400015155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.694195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11564418125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9606500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    294132500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3183181500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11270563625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1394037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1394037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            51293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              997691                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  29783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         997691                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            610184                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          387507                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        12834                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     629477                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      32253                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135273                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          527                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1198179                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3581                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1219694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3946002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1394037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            639967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29172569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 105118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        34512                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1194598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4380                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.260119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.283369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28918121     94.86%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11166      0.04%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613978      2.01%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   17065      0.06%     96.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111478      0.37%     97.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   46596      0.15%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72962      0.24%     97.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   14973      0.05%     97.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  677196      2.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.129230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  576646                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28854906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   718345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               281079                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 52559                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6456441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 52559                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  651340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27687906                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   849638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1233433                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6215119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                67983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                960514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                233054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7439651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17479684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8042635                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27532                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2665944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4773703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1829050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1154594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              46643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3603                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5958536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3477                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4186796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3545                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3737743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8175906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3477                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.137346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.665799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28712963     94.19%     94.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             719131      2.36%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             382957      1.26%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             254229      0.83%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             264372      0.87%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              62688      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56363      0.18%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16698      0.05%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14134      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7062     65.17%     65.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  769      7.10%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2745     25.33%     97.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  130      1.20%     98.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              104      0.96%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              26      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10795      0.26%      0.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3471455     82.91%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 753      0.02%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6453      0.15%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9842      0.24%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              650893     15.55%     99.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              34561      0.83%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1938      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           106      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4186796                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.137116                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10836                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002588                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38846688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9675445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4040238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24820                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24316                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10718                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4174044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12793                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       725718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        28007                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1475                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 52559                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26100030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               253166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5962013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1154594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               46643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1251                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                55857                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        26192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               57087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4130592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               629325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            56204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      661571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  493697                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     32246                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.135275                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4060989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4050956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2989731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4688434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.132667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3738240                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            52555                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29967313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.496247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28983020     96.72%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       462755      1.54%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       104772      0.35%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       295852      0.99%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53300      0.18%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26469      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3489      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3316      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34340      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29967313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1113406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2224266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        447510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       428874                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    406024                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7464                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2216702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2260      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1762504     79.24%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            132      0.01%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5476      0.25%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6384      0.29%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         427794     19.23%     99.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18636      0.84%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1080      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2224266                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35895479                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12442023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          51153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1113406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2224266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.424576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.424576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3979279                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3528307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19230                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9580                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2638023                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1095399                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2209425                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             238588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.054174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2791339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2791339                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       221098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         221098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       238947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          238947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       238947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         238947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       401519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       401519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       402306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        402306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       402306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       402306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34873579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34873579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28279493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28279493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34901858493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34901858493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34901858493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34901858493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       622617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       622617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       641253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       641253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       641253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       641253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.644889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.644889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.627375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.627375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86854.118983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86854.118983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35933.282084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35933.282084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86754.506503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86754.506503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86754.506503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86754.506503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18709                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1011                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.505440                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       175978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       175978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19524551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19524551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27282993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27282993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19551833993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19551833993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19551833993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19551833993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86566.867515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86566.867515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34755.405096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34755.405096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86387.163731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86387.163731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86387.163731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86387.163731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4778392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4778392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1194598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1194598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1194598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1194598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1194598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1194598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1194598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1194598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1194598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200478                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      251606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.255030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.992660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.007340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3819270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3819270                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1984                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25252                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25252                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                25851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               25851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200477                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200477                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19524000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19524000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18896079000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18896079000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18915603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18915603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18915603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18915603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1984                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           785                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               785                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225543                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        225543                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.236943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888039                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.888039                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.885781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.885781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104967.741935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104967.741935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94343.125752                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94343.125752                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94352.983135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94352.983135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94352.983135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94352.983135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17664000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17664000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16893179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16893179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16910843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16910843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16910843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16910843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.888039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.885781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.885781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94967.741935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94967.741935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84343.175679                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84343.175679                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84353.033016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84353.033016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84353.033016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84353.033016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400946                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200476                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           200167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       601422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       601422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 601422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12849792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12849792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12849792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200477    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           472955500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1082043500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       452656                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226327                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          549                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            225542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       225543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       678983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                678983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14611904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14611904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200478                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426249     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    556      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          228312000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339490500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
