
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7022978297500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              129852946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                241488170                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              338813096                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5851334871                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10881758731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12627904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12627904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         827118580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             827118580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1525871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1525871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1525871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        827118580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828644452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197312                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        364                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      364                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12626048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12627968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267432500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  364                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.816394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.331104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.134333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40232     41.61%     41.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44924     46.46%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9895     10.23%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1471      1.52%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8549.318182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8322.170693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2000.846283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      9.09%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.55%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      9.09%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.09%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     18.18%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.64%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      9.09%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.55%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.55%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4784987250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8484024750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  986410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24254.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43004.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    827.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100636                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     305                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77234.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342584340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182076510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               696664080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 694260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619484000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24549600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5197384830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97223520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     780840.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9366751020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.515418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11652296375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9721500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       952250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095460250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11398228875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347803680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184865835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               711929400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1143180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1644712770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24534720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5165160450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103495200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388954275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.969716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11597027125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9588500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    269355750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3150576750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11327957125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1530630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1530630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            63419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1214573                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42919                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1214573                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            649847                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          564726                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20153                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     707532                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      48026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142511                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          807                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1269617                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3968                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1298757                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4457449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1530630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            692766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29107377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 129540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        32767                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1265649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.293751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.366757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28770827     94.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23843      0.08%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  630041      2.07%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24412      0.08%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  123825      0.41%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   57647      0.19%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81131      0.27%     97.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22591      0.07%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  771955      2.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.145980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  635790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28679943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   827895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               297874                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7309783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  724122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27398715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   960775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1335927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7008725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                70481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                996938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                300604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8345347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19489431                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9181780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32218                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2849562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5495790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           273                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1906042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1271136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              70858                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3863                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6655582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4715599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4279782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8941229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3791                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.154578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.715625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28561184     93.62%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             775681      2.54%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             411022      1.35%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             275341      0.90%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             291686      0.96%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              81328      0.27%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              69220      0.23%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              23333      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17477      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9052     68.40%     68.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  981      7.41%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2878     21.75%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209      1.58%     99.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               88      0.67%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              25      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16017      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3887744     82.44%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1062      0.02%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8063      0.17%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12193      0.26%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              736565     15.62%     98.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              51766      1.10%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2089      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           100      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4715599                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.154434                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13233                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002806                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39924972                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10911886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4523465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30053                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27274                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13263                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4697328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15487                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       819976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        47109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1334                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25534026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               278627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6659373                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1271136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               70858                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1406                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                79269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        36683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4633362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               707287                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            82237                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      755302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  546904                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     48015                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.151741                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4551868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4536728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3349486                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5247125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.148576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638347                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4280595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64767                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29900825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.079583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.517009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28859115     96.52%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       484435      1.62%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112486      0.38%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       311329      1.04%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57962      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28232      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5642      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3651      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37973      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29900825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1190372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2379595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        474911                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       451162                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    429900                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9478                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2370061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2812      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1886866     79.29%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            167      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6739      0.28%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8100      0.34%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         449784     18.90%     98.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23749      1.00%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1378      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2379595                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36523042                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13927253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1190372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2379595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.651384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.651384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4570723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3945824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23652                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11788                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2850273                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1221306                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2443476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           234910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             300713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           234910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.280120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3126966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3126966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       279304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         279304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       302145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          302145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       302145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         302145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       419961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       419961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       420869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        420869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       420869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       420869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35038309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35038309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33440499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33440499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35071749499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35071749499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35071749499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35071749499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       699265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       699265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       723014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       723014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       723014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       723014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.600575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.582104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.582104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83432.292522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83432.292522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36828.743392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36828.743392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83331.748119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83331.748119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83331.748119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83331.748119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17938                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              864                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.761574                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       185949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       185958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       185958                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       234911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       234911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19408979500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19408979500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31753499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31753499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19440732999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19440732999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19440732999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19440732999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82940.103499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82940.103499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35320.911012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35320.911012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82757.865741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82757.865741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82757.865741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82757.865741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5062596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5062596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1265649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1265649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1265649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1265649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1265649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1265649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1265649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1265649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1265649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1265649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1265649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1265649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197315                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      261761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.326615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.892833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.107167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3953699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3953699                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2132                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2132                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                37599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               37599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22973000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22973000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18643244500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18643244500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18666217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18666217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18666217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18666217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2132                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2132                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234012                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234012                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           234911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               234911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          234911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              234911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.248053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.842217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.842217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.839944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.839944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.839944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.839944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103017.937220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103017.937220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94593.023964                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94593.023964                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94602.545714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94602.545714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94602.545714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94602.545714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  364                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       364                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197089                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197089                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20743000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20743000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16672364500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16672364500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16693107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16693107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16693107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16693107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.842217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.839944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93017.937220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93017.937220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84593.074702                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84593.074702                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84602.596396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84602.596396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84602.596396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84602.596396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394617                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197310                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       591928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       591928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 591928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12651200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12651200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12651200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197312    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1065257750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       469822                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234911                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          546                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          429730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       704732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                704732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15170688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15170688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197315                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           432226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 431670     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    556      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             432226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
