
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10488665413875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              113662341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                212320995                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              280712249                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6181851844                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11547687139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9987136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10006976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9893056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9893056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1299506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654150186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655449692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       647988014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            647988014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       647988014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1299506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654150186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303437706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156358                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156358                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154579                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10006912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9892736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10006912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9893056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267470000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156358                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154579                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.619441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   568.840123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.792610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1854      6.77%      6.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2564      9.36%     16.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2095      7.65%     23.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1585      5.79%     29.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1274      4.65%     34.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1666      6.08%     40.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1314      4.80%     45.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1519      5.55%     50.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13515     49.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.190639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.126127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.880272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-3               1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            95      0.98%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9331     96.62%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           132      1.37%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.006420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.005814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.150118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9636     99.78%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2884878500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5816591000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18450.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37200.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       647.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    647.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142926                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49101.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98210700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52200225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559747440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              403239780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1497286260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62221440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079779520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       321646080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1590176520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7413245085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.562192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11821547500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42186750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6423011250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    837603500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3086257750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560962875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97332480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51733440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556655820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403636500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         742485120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1489090800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67578240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2079841650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       304963200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1599327060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7392644310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.212857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11775017500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51687500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6470575125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    794202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3075045750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4561147250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1294858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1294858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1287782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3561                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               720                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1287782                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1253684                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34098                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4331                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     427584                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1281473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          726                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2623                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47375                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             69154                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5744854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1294858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1257245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          817                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47259                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.645413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28762850     94.27%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49498      0.16%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   52076      0.17%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  290313      0.95%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   31600      0.10%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8572      0.03%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8683      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29757      0.10%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1276600      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042406                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  400898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28639910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   679704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               783079                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11608424                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  683182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 222376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1179472                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28405710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11577121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28106399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14853301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24358767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13336109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302565                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14606212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  247089                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               120                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4830076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              437420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1288814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20660                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17911                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11521010                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11463835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         160021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           608                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.375741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.265341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27428348     89.90%     89.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             486617      1.59%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540477      1.77%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             352224      1.15%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300669      0.99%     95.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1027910      3.37%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             148242      0.49%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             195782      0.64%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29680      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  93024     95.55%     95.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  452      0.46%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   715      0.73%     96.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  200      0.21%     96.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2789      2.86%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             178      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4132      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9663985     84.30%     84.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  87      0.00%     84.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  277      0.00%     84.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82446      0.72%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              383810      3.35%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1244615     10.86%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46320      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38163      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11463835                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.375436                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      97358                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008493                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53164179                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11478000                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11259681                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             372678                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203930                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182700                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11369054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188007                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          193                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          459                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               134421                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11521728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               437420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1288814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               314                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               133867                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           193                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1644                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11449483                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               427422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1708858                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1270148                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1281436                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.374966                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11445320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11442381                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8374313                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11597231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.374734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.722096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         160205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30484370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.372706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27508967     90.24%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       360031      1.18%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322581      1.06%     92.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1118681      3.67%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63824      0.21%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       641571      2.10%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        92623      0.30%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27154      0.09%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       348938      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30484370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5574806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11361707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1691853                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       415104                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1263770                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179446                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11265328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2240      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9586663     84.38%     84.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80665      0.71%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         370913      3.26%     88.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1239077     10.91%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44191      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11361707                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               348938                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41657344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23069893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            254                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24739                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5574806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11361707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.477265                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.477265                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.182573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.182573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13128984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8745585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283084                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143880                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6337061                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5809543                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4255875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1607067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.293727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6961477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6961477                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       420836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         420836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1121977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1121977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1542813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1542813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1542813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1542813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    351385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    351385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13974382498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13974382498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14325767498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14325767498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14325767498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14325767498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       424562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       424562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1276777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1276777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1701339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1701339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1701339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1701339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94306.226516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94306.226516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90273.788747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90273.788747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90368.567289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90368.567289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90368.567289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90368.567289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13940                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              164                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           85                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   114.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138830500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138830500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13818999998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818999998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13957830498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13957830498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13957830498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13957830498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121237                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121237                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104383.834586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104383.834586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89274.062768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89274.062768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89402.781768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89402.781768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89402.781768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89402.781768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             160344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           280.812609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189609                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189609                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61785.112360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61785.112360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61785.112360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61785.112360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61785.112360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61785.112360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62474.694590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62474.694590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62474.694590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62474.694590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62474.694590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62474.694590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156863                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       58.265783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.981462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.752755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2663727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2663727                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155157                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155157                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          571                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              571                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                261                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13586505500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13586505500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32176000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32176000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136274500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136274500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13722780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13754956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13722780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13754956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155157                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155157                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          571                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          571                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.542907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.542907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.542907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87787.404856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87787.404856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103793.548387                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103793.548387                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106215.510522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106215.510522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103793.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87938.916622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87970.350284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103793.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87938.916622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87970.350284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154579                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154579                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12038845500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12038845500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29076000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29076000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123390500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123390500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12162236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12191312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12162236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12191312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77787.404856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77787.404856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93793.548387                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93793.548387                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96248.439938                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96248.439938                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93793.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77939.070030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77970.503588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93793.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77939.070030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77970.503588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312561                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156221                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19900032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19900032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19900032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156358    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313388                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            766                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          766                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19921792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19994880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156865                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9893184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002781                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312687     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    872      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            859500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234184496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
