
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               366416259000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2880667                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5438253                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53584051                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   284.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   820769044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1549484847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         253504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             253504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       232960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          232960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16604329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16604329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15258712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15258712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15258712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16604329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31863040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3640                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 253504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  232064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  253504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               232960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264840000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.724763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.211644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.092501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4005     86.39%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          277      5.97%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          119      2.57%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      1.40%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      1.12%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.73%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.52%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.63%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           31      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.308824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.093556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.251028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            17      8.33%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           144     70.59%     78.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            17      8.33%     87.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             6      2.94%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             9      4.41%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             3      1.47%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.47%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.47%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.774510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.762281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.641839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23     11.27%     11.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.49%     11.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              179     87.75%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    373698500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               447967250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     94344.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               113094.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2891                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2008267.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15893640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8447670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13594560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9803160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1339915200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            513783750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             54938880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3070696590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2605663680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        280941840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7915583520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.464997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13986107125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     92585750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     568798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    473746250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6785500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     612733750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6733979625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 17214540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9145950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                14686980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9124560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1279680480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            532857090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             48444480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3339751410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2273762880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        301583400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7827706800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            512.709135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13966267875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     76439750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     542868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    724136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5921308875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     678503000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7324088250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13178285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13178285                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1043865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11048742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 980969                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204383                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11048742                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3709740                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7339002                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       746657                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10043060                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7569372                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       117114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        37023                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8980813                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14165                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9681145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59482593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13178285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4690709                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19729451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2105306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63328                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8966648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               250402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.725430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.574713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12379606     40.54%     40.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  860854      2.82%     43.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1251906      4.10%     47.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1418407      4.65%     52.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1116650      3.66%     55.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1125038      3.68%     59.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1049564      3.44%     62.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  914397      2.99%     65.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10418005     34.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948033                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8624598                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4265597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15657323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               934256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1052653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108371015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1052653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9372047                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3134429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15780840                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1172170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103461679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   86                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 73838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    68                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1036645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110020551                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260295997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155486107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3192375                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69733356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40287201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1652                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   979370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11889034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8916521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           499687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          188256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93542942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              51578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83808369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           441788                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28313403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40851256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         51554                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.744717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.519682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9617579     31.50%     31.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2857589      9.36%     40.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3135294     10.27%     51.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3135723     10.27%     61.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3193129     10.46%     71.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2794237      9.15%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3115058     10.20%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1647570      5.40%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1038248      3.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 810156     72.89%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15585      1.40%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                108351      9.75%     84.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                89105      8.02%     92.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1066      0.10%     92.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87205      7.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           507239      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63485033     75.75%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76076      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86945      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1184442      1.41%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10170483     12.14%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7619447      9.09%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         401956      0.48%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        276748      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83808369                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.744694                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1111468                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195718169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118796695                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78427287                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3986254                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3112356                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1807895                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82401276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2011322                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1286394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4069767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12264                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2479                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2506829                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1052653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3191297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93594520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11889034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8916521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             18489                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    87                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2429                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2479                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        299825                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1082635                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1382460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81338258                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10036449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2470113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17598654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8820501                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7562205                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.663798                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80805886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80235182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56061797                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87883566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.627673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637910                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28313979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1051930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26292465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.482883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.740365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9229855     35.10%     35.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3812557     14.50%     49.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2682855     10.20%     59.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3640839     13.85%     73.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1137422      4.33%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1177812      4.48%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       837407      3.18%     85.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472594      1.80%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3301124     12.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26292465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34465242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65281124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14228959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7819265                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7588256                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1331946                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64280600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              473009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       265260      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49647750     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55483      0.08%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77532      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1006140      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7537779     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6409694      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       281486      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65281124                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3301124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116586444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191516487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             28                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34465242                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65281124                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.885956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.885956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.128724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.128724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117762297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62837466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2552407                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1262716                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41055269                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21487115                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35705578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             739625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           147.482552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60215607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60215607                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8635777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8635777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6409531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6409531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15045308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15045308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15045308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15045308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    594569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    594569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    741681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    741681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    741681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    741681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8639705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8639705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6412943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6412943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15052648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15052648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15052648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15052648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37452.138493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37452.138493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 174258.206331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174258.206331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101046.457766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101046.457766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101046.457766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101046.457766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79378500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79378500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    590262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    590262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49181.226766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49181.226766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 173504.409171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173504.409171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133500.897129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133500.897129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133500.897129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133500.897129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             193793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           303.275430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35867232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35867232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8965991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8965991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8965991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8965991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8965991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8965991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8966648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8966648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8966648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8966648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8966648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8966648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12788.432268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12788.432268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12788.432268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12788.432268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12788.432268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12788.432268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11985.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11985.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11985.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11985.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11985.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11985.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3968                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.177671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.277666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.063504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16309.658830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     94392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    94392                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3851                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          639                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              639                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            639                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                639                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1045                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1045                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    585050000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     585050000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     65922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    650972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        650972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    650972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       650972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3851                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          639                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          639                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          639                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            639                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.352540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.789831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.700566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.789831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.700566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172479.363208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172479.363208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115855.887522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115855.887522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164345.367331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164345.367331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164345.367331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164345.367331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          569                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    551130000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551130000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60232000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60232000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    611362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    611362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.700566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.700566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162479.363208                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162479.363208                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105855.887522                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105855.887522                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154345.367331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154345.367331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154345.367331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154345.367331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7923                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3962                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       486464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       486464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  486464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3961    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21787250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11310                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5654                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 16965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        81792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       567424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 649216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3969                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    233024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9601     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     23      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10145000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7523000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
