
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1709942542000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16282825                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29645993                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               66032803                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   231.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3764726850                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6854404861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        8387584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8391808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       221056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          221056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          131056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              131122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            276669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         549380687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             549657356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       276669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           276669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14479008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14479008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14479008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           276669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        549380687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            564136364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      131122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3454                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    131122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3454                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8389248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  221312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 8391808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               221056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              7990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              7936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             8339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             8327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266790000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                131122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3454                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   80403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   50629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        10956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    785.991968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   618.784977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   355.288804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1017      9.28%      9.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          400      3.65%     12.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          416      3.80%     16.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1067      9.74%     26.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          362      3.30%     29.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          146      1.33%     31.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          241      2.20%     33.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          245      2.24%     35.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7062     64.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        10956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1929.575130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.879393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  26291.352488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383          192     99.48%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.917098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.912335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.399698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8      4.15%      4.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              185     95.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1284400250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3742187750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  655410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9798.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28548.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       549.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    549.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   120695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2890                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     113443.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 41383440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 21992025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               469319340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11478780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1071317520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            936252930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63897600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3243633450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       923172000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        987020520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7769467605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            508.894510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13047227375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     93653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     454704000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3530444125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2404165500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1671128250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7113248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 36835260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 19585995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               466606140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6571980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         848203200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            860747880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             49868160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2693845650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       634727040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1454362440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7071353745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            463.168557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13228086125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     65556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     359784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5689384250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1652903000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1592139000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5907577375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4791798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4791798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            62394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4315966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 414076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4315966                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3253901                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1062065                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          697                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6823019                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1282093                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2181                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3562152                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    4                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           3608929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      35348847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4791798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3667977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     26857529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 124996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           76                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  3562140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                18321                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30529039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.038589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.138591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                19097702     62.56%     62.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1770878      5.80%     68.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1110272      3.64%     71.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  576617      1.89%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  674249      2.21%     76.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  979640      3.21%     79.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  517064      1.69%     80.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  603627      1.98%     82.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5198990     17.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30529039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.156930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.157662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3010365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             19432203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4067597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3956376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              60311436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4324379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               10649740                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           629                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6676234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              8815559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              59922350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               574965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               6261020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1220863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           73898777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            140061245                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        55934260                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         42546913                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             66934084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6965005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                15                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            14                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 18479151                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7156741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1285229                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           241013                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           83644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  59581776                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 56376511                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5962057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8656920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30529039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.846652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.028147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11963732     39.19%     39.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            4513065     14.78%     53.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3879309     12.71%     66.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3882361     12.72%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2140152      7.01%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1861322      6.10%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1634951      5.36%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             452355      1.48%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             201792      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30529039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2567      4.16%      4.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      4.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      4.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                58946     95.53%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   145      0.23%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   28      0.05%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.00%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              17      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             9427      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             35284191     62.59%     62.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  26      0.00%     62.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   10      0.00%     62.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           12990373     23.04%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2899242      5.14%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             845796      1.50%     92.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        3910526      6.94%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        436920      0.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              56376511                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.846310                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      61705                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001095                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         100952113                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37482022                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35157046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           42391966                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          28062115                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     21067150                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              35203332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               21225457                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          237714                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       779171                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4668                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           65                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7977505                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               880089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           59581975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7156741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1285229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               774574                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17810                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               63054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             56232255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6808093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           144256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     8090184                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4481568                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1282091                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.841586                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      56228122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     56224196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 43319092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 71812291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.841322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.603227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5961963                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             34                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29766653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.801348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.571265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15674522     52.66%     52.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4412583     14.82%     67.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       613209      2.06%     69.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1705895      5.73%     75.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2371395      7.97%     83.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1911468      6.42%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       238703      0.80%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322744      1.08%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516134      8.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29766653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30080901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              53620104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7658153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6377592                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4420668                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  19360834                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39476713                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              354952                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8671      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33829885     63.09%     63.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             22      0.00%     63.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               7      0.00%     63.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      12123366     22.61%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2889408      5.39%     91.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        843702      1.57%     92.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      3488184      6.51%     99.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       436859      0.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         53620104                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2516134                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    86832586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  119926523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           5650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30080901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     53620104                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.015086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.015086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.985139                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.985139                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                53592773                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               30587896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 36668482                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                18801702                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20749001                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20208534                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               19147088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           131370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1000082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           131370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.612712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          690                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31593506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31593506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5143374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5143374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1268984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1268984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      6412358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         6412358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      6412358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        6412358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1441599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1441599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1453176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1453176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1453176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1453176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  95291642500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95291642500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    948095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    948095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  96239737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96239737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  96239737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96239737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6584973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6584973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1280561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1280561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7865534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7865534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7865534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7865534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.184752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.184752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.184752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.184752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66101.351694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66101.351694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81894.705019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81894.705019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66227.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66227.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66227.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66227.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    52.407407                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            18639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1321806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1321806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1321806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1321806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1321806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1321806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       119793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       119793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       131370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       131370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9702345500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9702345500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    936518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10638863500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10638863500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10638863500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10638863500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80992.591387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80992.591387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80894.705019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80894.705019                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80983.965137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80983.965137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80983.965137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80983.965137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               81                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.868224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               81                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            14.345679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.868224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14248641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        14248641                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3562047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3562047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3562047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3562047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3562047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3562047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           93                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           93                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3562140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3562140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3562140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3562140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3562140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3562140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89241.935484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89241.935484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89241.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89241.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89241.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89241.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7482500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7482500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92376.543210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92376.543210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92376.543210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92376.543210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92376.543210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92376.543210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    131201                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      131136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    131201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       22.240289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        19.732108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16342.027604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2234417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2234417                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        18639                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            18639                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           81                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               81                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             15                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 15                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           305                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               305                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           11568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           66                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               66                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       119488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          119488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             131056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 131122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                66                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            131056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                131122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    919018000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     919018000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7200500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      7200500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9519436000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   9519436000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10438454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      10445654500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10438454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     10445654500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        18639                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18639                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           81                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           81                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         11575                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11575                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           81                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             81                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       119793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        119793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               81                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           131368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               131449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              81                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          131368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              131449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.814815                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.814815                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.814815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.997625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.814815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.997625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79444.847856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79444.847856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109098.484848                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109098.484848                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79668.552491                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79668.552491                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109098.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79648.806617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79663.630054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109098.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79648.806617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79663.630054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3454                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3454                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           66                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       119488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       119488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        131056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            131122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           131122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    803338000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803338000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6540500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6540500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8324536000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8324536000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6540500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9127874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9134414500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6540500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9127874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9134414500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.814815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69444.847856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69444.847856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99098.484848                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99098.484848                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69668.385110                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69668.385110                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99098.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69648.654010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69663.477525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99098.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69648.654010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69663.477525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        262281                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       131161                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             119556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           127703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        119554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       393405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       393405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 393405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8612992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      8612992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8612992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            131124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  131124    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              131124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           318212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          689276750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       262902                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       131453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             52                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           52                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            119876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           81                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          240478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            81                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       119793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       394112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                394355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9600576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                9610944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          131201                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    221056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           262652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 262581     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     71      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             262652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          150171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         197056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
