
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3771033998875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              124363319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                230468459                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              339884060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5586307495                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10352473253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12189824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12189824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        41856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           41856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798424657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798424657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2741538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2741538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2741538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798424657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801166195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190466                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        654                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190466                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      654                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12184128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   42240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12189824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                41856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     89                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267310500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190466                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  654                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.182317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.484020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.238613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43314     44.70%     44.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43341     44.73%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8899      9.18%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1177      1.21%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          121      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           41                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4681.829268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4623.406217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    746.415330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.44%      2.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     12.20%     14.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      9.76%     24.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     12.20%     36.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     12.20%     48.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            6     14.63%     63.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      2.44%     65.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     12.20%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            4      9.76%     87.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4      9.76%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            41                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           41                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.097561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.092193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               39     95.12%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      4.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            41                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4695703000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8265271750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  951885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24665.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43415.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       798.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93567                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79883.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                337664880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179473140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               664027140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1578634950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24425280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5206106970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       124640160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     632340.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9321638160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.560559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11741934750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9859500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       334750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    324714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3005389750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11416920125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                354172560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188250975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695264640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3335580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1646155440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24486720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5171155710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97280160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385410825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.737622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11592165500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9320500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253034750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3155743000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339385875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1452190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1452190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            62861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1090508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51965                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1090508                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            614954                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          475554                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21604                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     741517                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      74989                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154384                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1099                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1204798                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3488                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1235195                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4390609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1452190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            666919                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29171761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 128156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        29435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            5                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1201310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8299                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.289875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.358344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28810525     94.46%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19377      0.06%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  576887      1.89%     96.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   34840      0.11%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  125182      0.41%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   68309      0.22%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   91085      0.30%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   27170      0.09%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  748121      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.143791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  607455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28716121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   807112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               306730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64078                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7377442                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64078                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  702693                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27468861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11990                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   944064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1309810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7076309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                71643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1019482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                226892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8434426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19525512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9456817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            55718                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3327779                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5106659                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               194                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1945650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1221666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             105406                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6695195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4973174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3930793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7883391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5166                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.163047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.744553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28478897     93.37%     93.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             799685      2.62%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             432869      1.42%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             295899      0.97%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             264163      0.87%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              94206      0.31%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              80785      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32274      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15157     72.14%     72.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1647      7.84%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3644     17.34%     97.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  349      1.66%     98.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              214      1.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18944      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4062514     81.69%     82.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1769      0.04%     82.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                15329      0.31%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20948      0.42%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              769193     15.47%     98.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              80174      1.61%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4303      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4973174                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.162870                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21011                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004225                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40423095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10584979                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4766173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              52634                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             46180                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22898                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4948129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  27112                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       726970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          239                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        60570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1019                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64078                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25474539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               258058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6700361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1221666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              105406                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1859                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                53777                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35209                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               72681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4882937                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               741165                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      816137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  595014                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74972                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.159914                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4808002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4789071                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3453815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5660332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.156840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610179                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3931313                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64073                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29939879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.092505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.574809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28775076     96.11%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       520112      1.74%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       138991      0.46%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       347439      1.16%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55603      0.19%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31472      0.11%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7239      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5612      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        58335      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29939879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1387492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2769581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        539533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       494697                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    475494                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     18004                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2751375                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5442      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2195696     79.28%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            317      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13209      0.48%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15384      0.56%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         492077     17.77%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         44836      1.62%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2620      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2769581                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                58335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36582438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13965173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1387492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2769581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.007109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.007109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5223227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4131028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    40441                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   20189                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3146153                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1382001                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2502628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           245898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             340046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           245898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.382874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3336102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3336102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       297701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         297701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        43810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         43810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       341511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          341511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       341511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         341511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       430014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       430014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       431040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        431040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       431040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       431040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33809783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33809783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53618499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53618499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33863401499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33863401499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33863401499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33863401499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       727715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       727715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        44836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       772551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       772551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       772551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       772551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.590910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.590910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.557944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78624.842447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78624.842447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52259.745614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52259.745614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78562.085883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78562.085883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78562.085883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78562.085883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19923                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              746                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.706434                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       185136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       185141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       185141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       244878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19024761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19024761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52210499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52210499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19076971499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19076971499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19076971499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19076971499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.336503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022772                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022772                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.318295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.318295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77690.772548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77690.772548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51136.629775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51136.629775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77580.516793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77580.516793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77580.516793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77580.516793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4805240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4805240                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1201310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1201310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1201310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1201310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1201310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1201310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1201310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1201310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1201310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190471                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      303344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.592599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.965597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.034403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4122527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4122527                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2384                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2384                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         54854                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             54854                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                55433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               55433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44358000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      44358000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18050790500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18050790500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18095148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18095148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18095148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18095148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2384                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2384                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244878                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        244878                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           245899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          245899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.432909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.775995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.774570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.774570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.774570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.774570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100357.466063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100357.466063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94992.161516                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94992.161516                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95004.612372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.612372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95004.612372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.612372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190024                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190024                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39938000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39938000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16150550500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16150550500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16190488500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16190488500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16190488500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16190488500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.774570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.774570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90357.466063                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90357.466063                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84992.161516                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84992.161516                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.612372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85004.612372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.612372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85004.612372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380923                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190466                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12231680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12231680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12231680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190466    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451097500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1030350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       491797                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245896                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            244877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       244878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       737695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                737695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15890048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15890048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190471                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     41856                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436370                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 435851     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    515      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436370                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          248282500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         368847000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
