
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3374083051625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116097406                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215033173                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              319523545                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5547317199                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10274626038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12269568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12269568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        49600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           49600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           775                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                775                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         803647832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             803647832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3248764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3248764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3248764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        803647832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            806896596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191710                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        775                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191710                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      775                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12263104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   49152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12269440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                49600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267327000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191710                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  775                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.909451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.229800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.279650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43864     44.86%     44.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43554     44.54%     89.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8981      9.18%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1219      1.25%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          119      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3985.520833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3841.451825                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1055.291388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.08%      6.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.08%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6     12.50%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.08%     22.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      4.17%     27.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.08%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      8.33%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     12.50%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            9     18.75%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.25%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      2.08%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.17%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      4.17%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               48    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4702990000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8295696250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  958055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24544.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43294.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       803.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    803.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93932                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79316.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345576000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183651435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               677157600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2703960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1605542370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24505440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5200236540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106972800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9351040545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.486394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11682726750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3065144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11404350625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352637460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187427460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               690952080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1305000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1635612150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24117120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5180671860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98514720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9376546890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.157041                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11617206250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9558750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    256894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130719125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11360312250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1720720                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1720720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            81177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1337723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  63850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9478                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1337723                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            712438                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          625285                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        29705                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     828494                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      88685                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       155101                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1377                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1390494                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6439                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1427576                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5227458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1720720                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            776288                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28899404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 166458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55659                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1384055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11145                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30470105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.345552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.483875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28483857     93.48%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31291      0.10%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  650434      2.13%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   41304      0.14%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  141124      0.46%     96.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   81197      0.27%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   95457      0.31%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33823      0.11%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  911618      2.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30470105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.171197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  746118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28307329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1010525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               322904                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 83229                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8724291                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 83229                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  851496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27055084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         26235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1149890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1304171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8346732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                83430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1007767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                227081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9926620                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22936372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11185542                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            61522                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3544331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6382289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           377                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1999479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1428482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             126545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5388                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5737                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7852050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6732                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5706988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4906874                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9836351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6732                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30470105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.187298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.808461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28239342     92.68%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             840249      2.76%     95.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             460633      1.51%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             315222      1.03%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             332024      1.09%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             117951      0.39%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              98241      0.32%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              39034      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              27409      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30470105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17421     73.01%     73.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1872      7.85%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3966     16.62%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  374      1.57%     99.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              224      0.94%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            25258      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4674126     81.90%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2124      0.04%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17695      0.31%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23402      0.41%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              864648     15.15%     98.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              94827      1.66%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4888      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            20      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5706988                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.186902                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      23860                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41856543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12715993                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5442932                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              58967                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             49670                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25791                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5675180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  30410                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       909332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          311                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          871                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 83229                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24839752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               261359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7858782                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1428482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              126545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2443                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                60866                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         41929                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51952                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               93881                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5588776                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               828034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           118212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      916687                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  648826                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     88653                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.183030                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5492934                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5468723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4035367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6465570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.179099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4907577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            83224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29764598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.099175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.604996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28556191     95.94%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       534071      1.79%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       139173      0.47%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       344806      1.16%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68640      0.23%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39028      0.13%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9618      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6903      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        66168      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29764598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1478380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2951908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        572474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       519150                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    497515                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     21290                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2930390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6400      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2339006     79.24%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            376      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15448      0.52%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18204      0.62%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         516064     17.48%     98.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         53324      1.81%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3086      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2951908                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                66168                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37557915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16426761                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          64583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1478380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2951908                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.654154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.654154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5871576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4745445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    45338                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22646                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3386366                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1522033                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2835272                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           244389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             433625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           244389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.774323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3712197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3712197                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       375456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         375456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        52330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         52330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       427786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          427786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       427786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         427786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       438172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       438172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       439166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        439166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       439166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       439166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34649306500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34649306500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34709887500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34709887500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34709887500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34709887500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       813628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       813628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        53324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       866952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       866952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       866952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       866952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.538541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.506563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.506563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.506563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.506563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79076.952658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79076.952658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60946.680080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60946.680080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79035.916943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79035.916943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79035.916943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79035.916943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              704                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.825284                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2233                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2233                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       243402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       244387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       244387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19075578500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19075578500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58771000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19134349500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19134349500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19134349500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19134349500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78370.672796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78370.672796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59665.989848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59665.989848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78295.283710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78295.283710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78295.283710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78295.283710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5536220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5536220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1384055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1384055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1384055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1384055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1384055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1384055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1384055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1384055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1384055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1384055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1384055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1384055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191734                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      293276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.529598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.569039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.430961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4100022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4100022                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   468                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         52209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             52209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                52677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               52677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52181500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      52181500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18133781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18133781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18185962500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18185962500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18185962500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18185962500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       243402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        243402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           244387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               244387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          244387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              244387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.524873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.785503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.785503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.784453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.784453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.784453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.784453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100931.334623                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100931.334623                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94845.423211                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94845.423211                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94861.835585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.835585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94861.835585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94861.835585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  775                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       775                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47011500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47011500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16221831000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16221831000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16268842500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16268842500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16268842500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16268842500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.785503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.784453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.784453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90931.334623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90931.334623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84845.318605                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84845.318605                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.731261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.731261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84861.731261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84861.731261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        383415                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191713                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       575127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       575127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 575127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12319168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12319168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12319168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191710    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           452547500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1037263750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       488776                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       244389                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             31                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            243404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433115                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       243402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       733165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                733165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15783808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15783808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191734                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     49600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 435675     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    443      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          246621000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         366583500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
