
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                45802032375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 344420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   637188                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47180524                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   323.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   111452307                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     206190337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             253504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       249472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          249472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             41920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16562409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16604329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16340236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16340236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16340236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            41920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16562409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32944564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3898                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3898                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 253504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  249280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  253504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               249472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267004000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3898                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    105.516055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.315393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   137.807024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4057     85.14%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          322      6.76%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          133      2.79%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           83      1.74%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.20%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      0.99%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.48%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.46%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.155963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.102968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.546063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               14      6.42%      6.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17                7      3.21%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              177     81.19%     90.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19                7      3.21%     94.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20                5      2.29%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21                3      1.38%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                1      0.46%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                1      0.46%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                1      0.46%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                2      0.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.866972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.858887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.522058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               15      6.88%      6.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.46%      7.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              200     91.74%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    371655500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               445924250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     93828.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               112578.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3028                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1942614.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16964640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9016920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14329980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10445220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1199162640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            469931370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             48918720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2907097470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2179485120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        644788020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7501372740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            491.334490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14094438750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     81363500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2055688625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5675789250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     570179000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6375269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 17057460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9066255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13951560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9886680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1187484480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            485874270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             51997920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2874628560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2063602560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        737794020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7452065625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            488.104910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14063948000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     86754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     504234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2386815250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5373902250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     611650250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6303988375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13121446                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13121446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1058359                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10802672                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1005111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            207137                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10802672                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3620646                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7182026                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       765618                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10052652                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7573283                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133225                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        45446                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8962101                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9675061                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59423691                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13121446                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4625757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19729845                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2131568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56552                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8948963                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               261883                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.724800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.576713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12402476     40.62%     40.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  850978      2.79%     43.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1246232      4.08%     47.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1399105      4.58%     52.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1145076      3.75%     55.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1126514      3.69%     59.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1010649      3.31%     62.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  910016      2.98%     65.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10443366     34.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.429723                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.946104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8564043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4355418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15596224                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               952943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1065784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108374952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1065784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9330185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3194444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20833                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15725366                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1197800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103366101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 68202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    85                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1076083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109845191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260209425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155459270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3160213                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68799377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41045846                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1050                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1417                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   946841                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11940739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8967726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           536279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          221364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93171433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              67857                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83207748                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           451635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28728706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42003268                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         67833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.725048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.518885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9747918     31.92%     31.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2865298      9.38%     41.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3075773     10.07%     51.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3148192     10.31%     61.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3154436     10.33%     72.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2804271      9.18%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3074159     10.07%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1652645      5.41%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1011720      3.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 805832     72.86%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14618      1.32%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                108474      9.81%     83.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87066      7.87%     91.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              504      0.05%     91.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89546      8.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           520001      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62872086     75.56%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               56083      0.07%     76.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88569      0.11%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1175898      1.41%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10200168     12.26%     90.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7620752      9.16%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         387602      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        286589      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83207748                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.725024                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1106040                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194546764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118914014                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77765037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3960821                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3055082                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1800283                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81794534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1999253                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1299224                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4139747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10081                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2569                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2558480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          109                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1065784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3251113                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3957                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93239290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            15142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11940739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8967726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23913                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    90                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3846                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2569                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        292528                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1112672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1405200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80685643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10046033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2522107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17612400                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8694229                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7566367                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.642426                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80160367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79565320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55523854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87133787                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.605735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28729006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1065098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26219388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.460416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.742034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9354052     35.68%     35.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3772709     14.39%     50.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2685706     10.24%     60.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3596673     13.72%     74.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1111125      4.24%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1127928      4.30%     82.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       800106      3.05%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       477016      1.82%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3294073     12.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26219388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34084965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64510612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14210247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7800997                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7437447                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1337172                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63506156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              474929                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       266303      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48905245     75.81%     76.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          40903      0.06%     76.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77826      0.12%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1010088      1.57%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7518409     11.65%     89.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6409250      9.94%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       282588      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64510612                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3294073                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116164933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190878666                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             32                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34084965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64510612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.895840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.895840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.116270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.116270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116785490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62285541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2537966                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1248555                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40322466                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21197671                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35461807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             407053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            78.672787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60135566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60135566                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8615925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8615925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6409053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6409053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15024978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15024978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15024978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15024978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3439                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3439                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    330022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    490613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    490613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    820635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    820635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    820635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    820635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8620106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8620106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6412492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6412492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15032598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15032598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15032598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15032598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78933.747907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78933.747907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142661.529514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142661.529514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107694.881890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107694.881890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107694.881890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107694.881890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    184026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    484189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    668215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    668215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104738.759249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104738.759249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141700.029265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141700.029265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129148.627754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129148.627754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129148.627754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129148.627754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             220823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           253.819540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35796722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35796722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8948071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8948071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8948071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8948071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8948071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8948071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8948963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8948963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8948963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8948963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8948963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8948963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14335.201794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14335.201794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14335.201794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14335.201794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14335.201794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14335.201794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11775500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11775500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11775500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11775500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11775500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11775500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13535.057471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13535.057471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13535.057471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13535.057471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13535.057471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13535.057471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3969                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.982363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      196.483149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       190.923856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15996.592995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.011992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.011653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.976355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    100593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   100593                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          870                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              870                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            860                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                860                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1210                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1210                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479014500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     479014500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1440000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1440000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    168524000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    168524000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    647538500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        648978500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    647538500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       648978500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          870                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          870                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            870                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1756                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1756                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996197                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996197                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.310934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.763626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.655361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.763626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.655361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140679.735683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140679.735683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 308652.014652                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 308652.014652                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163892.305745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163842.085332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163892.305745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163842.085332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3898                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3898                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    444964500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444964500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163064000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163064000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    608028500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    609368500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    608028500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    609368500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.655361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.655361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130679.735683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130679.735683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       134000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       134000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 298652.014652                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298652.014652                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       134000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153892.305745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153842.085332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       134000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153892.305745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153842.085332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7889                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3928                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               30                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       502976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       502976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  502976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3961    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            24470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21834250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             41                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           41                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       111360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       586368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 697728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3969                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    249472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.073242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9959     99.46%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     54      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
