
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3877905407750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              135779170                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                251656776                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              370446492                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    41.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5595913354                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10371618983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11962496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11962496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         783534838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             783534838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2594819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2594819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2594819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        783534838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            786129657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186914                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186914                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11956864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   40192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11962496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186914                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.417567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.280886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.442527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45203     46.50%     46.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42384     43.60%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8456      8.70%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1020      1.05%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          102      0.10%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4918.410256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4739.685270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1267.939558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.56%      2.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.56%      5.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      7.69%     12.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      5.13%     17.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      7.69%     25.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      7.69%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      5.13%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     12.82%     51.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            7     17.95%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4     10.26%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.56%     82.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            3      7.69%     89.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.13%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.102564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.096935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.446912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               37     94.87%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      5.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4635558500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8138546000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  934130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24812.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43562.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       783.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    783.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    89704                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     541                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81411.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344140860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182900025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               660200100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2140200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1595138160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24667200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5199856920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       115521120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     784140.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9330657765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.151336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11705318375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       966750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    300846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3042031750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11403745625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349931400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185996745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               673737540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1137960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1622878920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24515520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5188471740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102270720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9354249585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.696584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11643130375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    265989750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104812750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11377171625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1080789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1080789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            43465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              814446                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  38342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5440                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         814446                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            462776                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          351670                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19134                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     633827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      67139                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       155072                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          997                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     907169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2280                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            928992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3312814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1080789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            501118                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29525912                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  88460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        19111                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   904889                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30519004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.218046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.176747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29223169     95.75%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18459      0.06%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  444911      1.46%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31579      0.10%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  104069      0.34%     97.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   46000      0.15%     97.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   90598      0.30%     98.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20084      0.07%     98.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  540135      1.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30519004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.108493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  437205                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29188225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   562721                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               286623                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 44230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5771680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 44230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  525169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28086804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   695508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1155582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5564881                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                26792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1026936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 56585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6652805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15335622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7466233                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            51301                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3310123                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3342608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1833228                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              928557                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              92983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5262                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5272255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5144                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4173302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2546396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4988827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30519004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.136744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.669651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28712108     94.08%     94.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             784408      2.57%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             394274      1.29%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             270262      0.89%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             174402      0.57%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              74269      0.24%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              62998      0.21%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27645      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18638      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30519004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14485     74.16%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1486      7.61%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2995     15.33%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  284      1.45%     98.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              279      1.43%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15961      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3392368     81.29%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1338      0.03%     81.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14975      0.36%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19826      0.48%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              652890     15.64%     98.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71392      1.71%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4545      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4173302                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.136674                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19532                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004680                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38842006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7782415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4018102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              50772                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41382                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22559                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4150727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  26146                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7716                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       453526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          155                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           67                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          757                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 44230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26572658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               228927                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5277399                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               928557                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               92983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                15975                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         21166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               51219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4104841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               633474                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            68465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      700590                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  548097                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     67116                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.134432                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4055644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4040661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2795377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4846976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.132330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.576726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2546728                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            44230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30154945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.563716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28989887     96.14%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       514326      1.71%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       152605      0.51%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       365908      1.21%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36744      0.12%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26163      0.09%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6629      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5362      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        57321      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30154945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1371976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2730927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        518969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       475015                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    464886                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19300                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2712404                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5469      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2176503     79.70%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            310      0.01%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13502      0.49%     80.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16174      0.59%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         471889     17.28%     98.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         43954      1.61%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3126      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2730927                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                57321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35375279                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10921119                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          15684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1371976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2730927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.255993                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.255993                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4665430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3436993                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38843                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19434                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2968132                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1293222                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2095147                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             263057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.085568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2905290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2905290                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       212729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         212729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        42925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       255654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          255654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       255654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         255654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32093017500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32093017500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53134500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53134500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32146152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32146152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32146152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32146152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       621788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       621788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        43954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       665742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       665742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       665742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       665742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.657875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.657875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.615986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.615986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78455.717879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78455.717879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51637.026239                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51637.026239                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78388.423948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78388.423948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78388.423948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78388.423948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              534                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.097378                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       167757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       167757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       167767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       167767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       167767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       167767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18715865500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18715865500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51060000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51060000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18766925500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18766925500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18766925500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18766925500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77561.999072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77561.999072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50107.948970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50107.948970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77446.550237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77446.550237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77446.550237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77446.550237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3619556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3619556                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       904889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         904889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       904889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          904889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       904889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         904889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       904889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       904889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       904889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       904889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       904889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186918                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      290265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.552900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.986357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.013643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4061358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4061358                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         54797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             54797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                55408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               55408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       186505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          186505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42838000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      42838000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17746864500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17746864500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17789702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17789702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17789702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17789702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.400393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.400393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.772911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.771345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.771345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.771345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.771345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104995.098039                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104995.098039                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95154.899332                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95154.899332                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95176.378850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95176.378850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95176.378850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95176.378850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186505                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       186505                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38758000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38758000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15881814500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15881814500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15920572500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15920572500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15920572500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15920572500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.400393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.771345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.771345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94995.098039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94995.098039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85154.899332                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85154.899332                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85176.378850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85176.378850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85176.378850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85176.378850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        373823                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186915                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             186506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           186290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        186506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       560737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       560737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 560737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12002112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12002112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12002112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186914    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           444584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1012401500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       484643                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242321                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       726965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                726965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15675776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15675776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186918                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428650     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    589      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244933500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363483000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
