
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 10.993933                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                10993932725000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10993932725000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95499                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   178913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              163775118                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 67128.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410700540                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12010086727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1144256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     7172723456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         7173867712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1144256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1144256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    603032384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       603032384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           17879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data       112073804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total           112091683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9422381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9422381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            104081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652425627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652529708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       104081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           104081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        54851380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             54851380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        54851380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           104081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652425627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            707381088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                   112091685                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9422381                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                 112091685                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9422381                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             7171596032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2271680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               602924672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              7173867840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            603032384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  35495                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           6989300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           6990754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           6979556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           6963822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           6930753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           6936446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           6913068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           6916319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           6895929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           6882031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          6882739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          7000922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          7302397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          7220406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          7173979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          7077767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            592071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            599456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            592640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            593115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            579938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            568426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            575784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            571430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            571313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            578788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           590374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           581772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           651037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           582246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           596113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           596195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  10993932637500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6             112091685                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9422381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                85548894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                24368469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1890460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  247519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  87283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  88513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 553761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 569353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 578195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 579944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 581000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 581727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 582295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 582471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 583110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 584899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 584136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 591443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 602141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 583031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 583085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     53278238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    145.923001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.896613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   143.027485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     23107864     43.37%     43.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     22962663     43.10%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      5056067      9.49%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       908476      1.71%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       165581      0.31%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        97390      0.18%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        86338      0.16%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        84922      0.16%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       808937      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     53278238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       577548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     194.020563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.476924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1703.450721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       577513     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-32767           24      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        577548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       577547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.311543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.295822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.737610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           488442     84.57%     84.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1325      0.23%     84.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            85472     14.80%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1864      0.32%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              282      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               90      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               39      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               21      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        577547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 2668506162250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            4769559687250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               560280940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23814.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42564.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        54.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     54.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 60820204                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7378439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90474.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             188814515400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             100357275975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            397126928520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            24392313540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         838209768240.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1018441921980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          23987846400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    3305744771100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    292945796640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     188189137500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           6378281724735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            580.163794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         8697943989000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20598865250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  354841070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 685559871750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 762879044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1920548800750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7249505072500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             191592125340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             101833618260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            402954253800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            24783714360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         837427946160.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1030548379410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          23455802400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    3297085144710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    289123152960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     188631157380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           6387501677250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            581.002434                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         8672799643000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19220953750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  354504974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 689352635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 752931210500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1947407154250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7230515797500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups             2256504254                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted       2256504254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect        121405305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups          1798430478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS              159927298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect          16986497                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups     1798430478                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         879634237                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       918796241                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted     64723633                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                 1859996204                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  649785713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     83380936                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      2782156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1747335014                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      3047495                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                 4934                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                     21987865451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        1818826934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                   10863240828                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                 2256504254                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        1039561535                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                  19993719298                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles              245154046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   1086675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles              898767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     24137053                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         4817                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          274                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines               1744291052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes             27100624                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3326                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       21961250841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.945310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.391091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0             18439153682     83.96%     83.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               156832028      0.71%     84.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2               538422005      2.45%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               185085731      0.84%     87.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               221764579      1.01%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5               261160220      1.19%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6               174621212      0.80%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7               143015385      0.65%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8              1841195999      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total         21961250841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.102625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.494056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles              1222773600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles          17880399024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles               2054325306                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles            681175888                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles             122577023                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts           19088920494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles             122577023                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles              1499195366                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles            15188711667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      15257338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles               2405624758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles           2729884689                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts           18497314606                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents             70923831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            1366586947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             167469797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents            1040232514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands        20792523780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups          46245073963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups     21757172178                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups       7176189260                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps          13495024346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps              7297499434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            985590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1094338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts               3488420175                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads          2322059578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          742666841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         66824867                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        31234683                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded               17483478086                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           10394911                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued              15161430546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         40559450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     5483786269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   9246547608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      10383791                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples  21961250841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.690372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.593678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        17216023064     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         1157173610      5.27%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          954877971      4.35%     88.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          805960695      3.67%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          635270869      2.89%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          458026638      2.09%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          408736325      1.86%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          208469059      0.95%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          116712610      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    21961250841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               97908639     76.82%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             12812744     10.05%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7915013      6.21%     93.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              4494635      3.53%     96.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           997651      0.78%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3331493      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         80322891      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          10298658567     67.93%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             4042087      0.03%     68.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             14826703      0.10%     68.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         2180069137     14.38%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          1229503437      8.11%     91.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          601862286      3.97%     95.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      683566282      4.51%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      68579156      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total           15161430546                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.689536                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  127460175                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008407                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       45375607472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      18094817641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11292517022                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7076524086                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        4882911735                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3489088354                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses           11664124248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses             3544443582                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104551594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    845624178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       642179                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       134873                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    170885021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       117727                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6795316                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles             122577023                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles            13850950954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles            187838779                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        17493872997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          4174243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           2322059578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           742666841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           4030274                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents              19888224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             72179472                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        134873                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      46931227                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    102147496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts           149078723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts          14916511019                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           1856060550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        244919527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                  2505524681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches              1362989043                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 649464131                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.678397                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                   14829861485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                  14781605376                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers              10875259066                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers              18249974509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.672262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.595905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     5484172431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          11120                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts        122527400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  21173528339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.567222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.665947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0  17743234439     83.80%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1169761269      5.52%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    369973925      1.75%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    661573811      3.12%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    240398970      1.14%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    167130200      0.79%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     86921936      0.41%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     79392633      0.37%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    655141156      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  21173528339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          6410700540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps           12010086727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                    2048217220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                   1476435400                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       4124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                1190106553                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                3116235739                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               9711812033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            89379220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     33625311      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      7939037702     66.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        2756856      0.02%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        12789070      0.11%     66.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    1973660568     16.43%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      906329214      7.55%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     513802138      4.28%     94.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    570106186      4.75%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     57979682      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total      12010086727                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            655141156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                 38012646341                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                35784066379                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         210938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26614610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6410700540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                  12010086727                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.429869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.429869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.291556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.291556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads             16133070947                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             9503965246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads               6037495492                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes              3117865827                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               6709796094                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes              3855890764                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             5868047066                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        136065767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.961791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2049232148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        136066791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.060487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.961791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9382006295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9382006295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1483921317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1483921317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    565310211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     565310211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2049231528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2049231528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2049231528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2049231528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data    255643777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    255643777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6609571                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6609571                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data    262253348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     262253348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data    262253348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    262253348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20266985706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 20266985706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 578814630244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 578814630244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20845800336744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 20845800336744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20845800336744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 20845800336744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1739565094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1739565094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    571919782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    571919782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2311484876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2311484876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2311484876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2311484876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79278.228261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79278.228261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87572.193452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87572.193452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79487.261062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79487.261062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79487.261062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79487.261062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     67910823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        10870                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1656439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.998083                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   103.523810                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11886939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         11886939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126167370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total    126167370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126185948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    126185948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126185948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    126185948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    129476407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    129476407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6590993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6590993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136067400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    136067400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136067400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    136067400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10444481119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 10444481119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 570656312799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 570656312799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11015137431799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 11015137431799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11015137431799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 11015137431799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80667.060208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80667.060208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86581.234846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86581.234846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80953.537966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80953.537966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80953.537966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80953.537966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           103633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.672532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1744176293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           104656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16665.803136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.672532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6977269483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6977269483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1744176549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1744176549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1744176549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1744176549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1744176549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1744176549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       114502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       114502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       114502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        114502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       114502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       114502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3481839990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3481839990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3481839990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3481839990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3481839990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3481839990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1744291051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1744291051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1744291051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1744291051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1744291051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1744291051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30408.551728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30408.551728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30408.551728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30408.551728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30408.551728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30408.551728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3027                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               73                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.465753                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       103633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           103633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       105281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       105281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2973858496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973858496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2973858496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973858496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2973858496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973858496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28246.867868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28246.867868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28246.867868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28246.867868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28246.867868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28246.867868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                 112103304                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16375.027449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   160073211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 112119688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.427699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.126606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.280803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.620041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2289691960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2289691960                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11886939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         11886939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       103574                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           103574                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            366902                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                366902                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          86801                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              86801                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      23626081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          23626081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                86801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             23992983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 24079784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               86801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            23992983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                24079784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            317                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                317                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         6223902                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6223902                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        17881                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            17881                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data    105849907                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       105849907                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              17881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data          112073809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              112091690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             17881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data         112073809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             112091690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       270500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       270500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 556811159500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  556811159500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1902401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1902401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9987293072000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 9987293072000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1902401500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10544104231500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10546006633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1902401500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10544104231500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10546006633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11886939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11886939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       103574                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       103574                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          608                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              608                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       6590804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6590804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       104682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         104682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data    129475988                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     129475988                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           104682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        136066792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            136171474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          104682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       136066792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           136171474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521382                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.521382                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.944331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.170813                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.170813                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817525                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.817525                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.170813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.823668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.823166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.170813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.823668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.823166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   853.312303                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   853.312303                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89463.355866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89463.355866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106392.343829                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106392.343829                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94353.347632                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94353.347632                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106392.343829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94081.787044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94083.750838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106392.343829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94081.787044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94083.750838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9422381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9422381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3321                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3321                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          317                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           317                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6223901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6223901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17881                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        17881                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    105849905                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total    105849905                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         17881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     112073806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         112091687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    112073806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        112091687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6344500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6344500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 494572124000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 494572124000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1723611500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723611500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 8928793821509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 8928793821509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1723611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9423365945509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9425089557009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1723611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9423365945509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9425089557009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521382                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521382                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.817525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.823668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.823166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.170813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.823668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20014.195584                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20014.195584                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79463.366143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79463.366143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96393.462334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96393.462334                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84353.347521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84353.347521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96393.462334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84081.787546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84083.751519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96393.462334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84081.787546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84083.751519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     224162289                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    112074740                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          105867783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9422381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        102647905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6223900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6223900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     105867785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    336253972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    336253972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              336253972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   7776900096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   7776900096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              7776900096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         112092003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0               112092003    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           112092003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy        298489981500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       603973074750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    272342081                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    136169428                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       272030                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          39158                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        38187                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          971                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993932725000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         129581266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21309320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       103633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       226859751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6590804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6590804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        105281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    129475988                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       313594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    408200566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             408514160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13332032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9469038720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9482370752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                       112103903                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 603070720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        248275985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              247964784     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 310230      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    971      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          248275985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       148161612500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         157921494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      204100537406                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
