
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               931307991625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9216341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 17116725                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67809397                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3426508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   225.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2075066948                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3853845121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         914176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             914176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       910784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          910784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         14231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              14231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          59877867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59877867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        59655693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             59655693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        59655693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         59877867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            119533560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14284                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      14231                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    14231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 914176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  910464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  914176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               910784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14284                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                14231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    298.897297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.938727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   297.802317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2428     39.77%     39.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          876     14.35%     54.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          581      9.52%     63.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1417     23.21%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.67%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      0.77%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      0.69%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      1.26%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          596      9.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.051833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.035322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.059541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      0.76%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           784     99.12%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.984829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.983926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.173636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                6      0.76%      0.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              785     99.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    326306000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               594131000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22844.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41594.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        59.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     59.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10327                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   12078                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     535415.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 27446160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 14587980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                51914940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               37907640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1272304800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            755975610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             99550080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3688542960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1429539840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        551500500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7929645330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            519.386035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13340628750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    204178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     540210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1537751125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3722836750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1173307000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8089061250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16143540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8580495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                50072820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               36352080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1118644800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            514550970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60744000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3179925120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1243983360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1107471420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7336737675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            480.551012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13979733000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     475432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3767101250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3239454250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     705828250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6973514375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5278831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5278831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           110859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4475146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 734209                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                41                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4475146                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2578734                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1896412                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          124                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8927903                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2105962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          327                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6299482                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6379372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46595172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5278831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3312943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24044348                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 221936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6299482                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                30962                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.666082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.356757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16658572     54.56%     54.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  667824      2.19%     56.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1690959      5.54%     62.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  716304      2.35%     64.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1079485      3.54%     68.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1630830      5.34%     73.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  600104      1.97%     75.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  788275      2.58%     78.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6702335     21.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172880                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.525975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4149681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15658762                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6217120                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4398157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                110968                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77987153                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                110968                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5848137                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5637329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8857446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10080808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              77284496                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               216170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9027661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           83083813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            183668045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60458754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75358668                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70694375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12389500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23251331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9523027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2110810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           426354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          184760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76690936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70972723                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10619023                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15427843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.324331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.962827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6379673     20.89%     20.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5968729     19.55%     40.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5678026     18.60%     59.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4927833     16.14%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3002287      9.83%     85.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1994839      6.53%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1557139      5.10%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             671030      2.20%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             355132      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    970      0.91%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               105304     98.52%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   280      0.26%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   59      0.06%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             272      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             7442      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36923413     52.02%     52.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           23030529     32.45%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1969283      2.77%     87.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1476872      2.08%     89.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6935271      9.77%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        629913      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70972723                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.324331                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     106885                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001506                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97712975                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37604873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33493960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74874310                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          49705195                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37203654                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33582216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37489950                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          420288                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1387395                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          109                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7715                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                110968                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3303815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               156777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76690936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                2                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9523027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2110810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                143259                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           109                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         81759                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              112176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70712283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8901469                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           260441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11007431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4730177                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2105962                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.315802                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70704407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70697614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52689926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92719791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.315321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.568271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10619023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           110859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29177875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.264455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.866164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10898303     37.35%     37.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7541443     25.85%     63.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058216      3.63%     66.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2874162      9.85%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1146558      3.93%     80.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218467      0.75%     81.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       423335      1.45%     82.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       566073      1.94%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4451318     15.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29177875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37213857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66071993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10238738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8135638                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4622525                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  34162876                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 41019238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              628800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6005      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34344181     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21483069     32.51%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1953911      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1474296      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6181727      9.36%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       628804      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66071993                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4451318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101417573                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  154738792                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37213857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66071993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.820519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.820519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.218740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.218740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56311039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28640033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64854200                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33333098                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20691089                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13451934                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24182862                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1528470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           105.637570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42456941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42456941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8492880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8492880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2103099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2103099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10595979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10595979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10595979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10595979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1370244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1370244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1370244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1370244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1370244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1370244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8507519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8507519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2103099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2103099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10610618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10610618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10610618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10610618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93602.295239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93602.295239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93602.295239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93602.295239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93602.295239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93602.295239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1347426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1347426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1347426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93125.025917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93125.025917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93125.025917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93125.025917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93125.025917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93125.025917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25197928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25197928                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6299482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6299482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6299482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6299482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6299482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6299482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6299482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6299482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6299482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6299482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6299482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6299482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu4.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu4.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu4.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu4.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu4.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu4.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu4.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu4.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu4.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu4.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu4.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu4.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu4.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu4.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu4.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu4.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu4.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu4.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu4.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu4.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu4.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu4.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu4.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu5.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu5.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu5.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu5.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu5.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu5.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu5.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu5.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu5.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu5.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu5.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu5.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu5.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu5.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu5.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu5.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu5.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu5.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu5.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu5.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu5.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu5.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu5.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14284                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                       131072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.078479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           131072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       121717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    245788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   245788                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13463                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           185                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               185                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1323764000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1323764000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1323764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1323764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1323764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1323764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13463                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987214                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.987214                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.987214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.987214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.987214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.987214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92674.600952                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92674.600952                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92674.600952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92674.600952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92674.600952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92674.600952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                14231                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     14231                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14284                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14284                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1180924000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180924000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1180924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1180924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1180924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.987214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82674.600952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82674.600952                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82674.600952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82674.600952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82674.600952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82674.600952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28569                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1824960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1824960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1824960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14284    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer12.occupancy           89091000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer12.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28938                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14469                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 43407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1787648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1787648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14284                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    910784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28752    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27932000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21703500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
