
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4687074646375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61250330                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                114693734                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              147154570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3428876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   103.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6354744523                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11899518669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10394752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10394880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8575104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8575104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          162418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              162420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        133986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             133986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         680848739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             680857123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       561663111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            561663111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       561663111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        680848739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1242520234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      162420                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     133986                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    162420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   133986                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10394624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8575360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10394880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8575104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267376000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                162420                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               133986                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  131997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   29442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   8905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       126628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    149.810784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.221449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   210.027797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82987     65.54%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27748     21.91%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5964      4.71%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1838      1.45%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1037      0.82%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          931      0.74%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          752      0.59%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          733      0.58%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4638      3.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       126628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.461419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.058311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.375706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           461      5.52%      5.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          3226     38.65%     44.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          1602     19.19%     63.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          1130     13.54%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           726      8.70%     85.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           450      5.39%     91.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           276      3.31%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           154      1.85%     96.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           105      1.26%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            82      0.98%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            56      0.67%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            27      0.32%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            17      0.20%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            12      0.14%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             9      0.11%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             5      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             3      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.054397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.051267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.330097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8112     97.20%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               34      0.41%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              180      2.16%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               20      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3954388000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6999688000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  812080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24347.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43097.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       680.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       561.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    680.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    561.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   106446                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   63342                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                47.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      51508.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    57.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                454618080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                241642830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               580260660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              350502120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1078078560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2246940570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             42010560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3288289530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       325575360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        564217320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9172135590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            600.768249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10230259000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31305250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     456508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2171424500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    848001500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4549267250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7210837625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                449434440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                238910430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               579389580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              348925680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1081151760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2261691030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44485440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3282563310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       329693280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        555347220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9171592170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            600.732655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10153812250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37688500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     457814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2134468125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    858460250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4580697000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7198216250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3311018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3311018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2889759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 195672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 3                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2889759                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1459777                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1429982                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           39                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3438131                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2459576                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        80106                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           10                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2107025                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2107196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      13981275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3311018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1655449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28427270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2107025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   21                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.925895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.344171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25727955     84.26%     84.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  297959      0.98%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  375661      1.23%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  249639      0.82%     87.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  534387      1.75%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  514689      1.69%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  393298      1.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  125384      0.41%     92.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2315647      7.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.108435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.457882                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  856233                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25808016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2843581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1026636                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              28268890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1388122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               23183071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3236025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2727248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              28268072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               185930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2178511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           31254966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             73854436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        42765655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             31248169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                    6862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7084762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3438374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2459959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           114521                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          103962                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  28266754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 36                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 28264594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           5358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         8461                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            33                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.925657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.963094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           23151208     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1385015      4.54%     80.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1199712      3.93%     84.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1136359      3.72%     88.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             728850      2.39%     90.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1086165      3.56%     93.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             592748      1.94%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             868131      2.84%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             386431      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 539727     65.28%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     65.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 74582      9.02%     74.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               212500     25.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               91      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22366680     79.13%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3438180     12.16%     91.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2459643      8.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              28264594                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.925655                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     826809                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.029252                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          87890884                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28272170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28264091                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              29091312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          918512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17730217                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               189570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           28266790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                7                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3438374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2459959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                12                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 59834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            93                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           53                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             28264307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3438131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5897707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3310111                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2459576                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.925646                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      28264222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     28264091                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 20515916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37676641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.925639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.544526                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           5358                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30533794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.925581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.377345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25720343     84.24%     84.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       369452      1.21%     85.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       419041      1.37%     86.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547293      1.79%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       371018      1.22%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        61973      0.20%     90.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       250532      0.82%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       238186      0.78%     91.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2555956      8.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30533794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            13976138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              28261492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5897058                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3437700                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3309865                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 28261416                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              195624                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           74      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        22364360     79.13%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3437700     12.16%     91.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2459358      8.70%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         28261492                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2555956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    56244688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   56534472                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              1                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                             69                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   13976138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     28261492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.184773                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.184773                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.457713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.457713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                42759106                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               22494335                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18468187                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 8756352                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12616035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           330324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            8096133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           330324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.509672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20245736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20245736                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1897202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1897202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2459357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2459357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4356559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4356559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4356559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4356559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       622293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       622293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       622294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        622294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       622294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       622294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33778459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33778459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        94000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33778553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33778553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33778553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33778553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2519495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2519495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2459358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2459358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4978853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4978853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4978853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4978853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54280.635488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54280.635488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        94000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54280.699316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54280.699316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54280.699316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54280.699316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          304                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       295001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           295001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       291969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       291969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       291969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       291969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       330324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       330324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       330325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       330325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       330325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       330325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17583098500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17583098500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17583191500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17583191500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17583191500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17583191500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53229.854628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53229.854628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53229.975025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53229.975025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53229.975025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53229.975025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             4.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8428102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8428102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2107022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2107022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2107022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2107022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2107022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2107022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2107025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2107025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2107025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2107025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2107025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2107025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu4.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu4.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu4.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu4.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu4.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu4.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu4.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu4.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu4.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu4.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu4.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu4.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu4.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu4.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu4.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu4.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu4.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu4.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu4.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu4.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu4.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu4.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu4.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu5.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu5.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu5.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu5.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu5.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu5.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu5.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu5.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu5.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu5.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu5.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu5.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu5.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu5.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu5.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu5.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu5.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu5.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu5.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu5.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu5.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu5.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu5.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    162426                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                       131072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      378816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    162426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.332237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        2.396845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.520370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     131069.082785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        76602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        41340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5447650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5447650                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       295001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           295001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        167907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            167907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               167907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   167907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              167907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  167907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       162417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          162417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             162418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 162420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            162418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                162420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total         91500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15289950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15289950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15290041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15290242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15290041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15290242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       295001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       295001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       330324                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        330324                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           330325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               330327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          330325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              330327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.491690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.491690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.491692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.491695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.491692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.491695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94140.083858                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94140.083858                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94140.067603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94140.145918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94140.067603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94140.145918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               133985                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    133985                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       162417                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       162417                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        162418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            162420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       162418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           162420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        81500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13665800000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13665800000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13665881500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13666062500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13665881500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13666062500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.491690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.491692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.491695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.491692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.491695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        81500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84140.206998                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84140.206998                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84140.190742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84140.269056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84140.190742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84140.269056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        324846                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       162426                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             162417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       133986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            28440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        162419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       487264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       487264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 487264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18969856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     18969856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18969856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            162420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  162420    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              162420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer12.occupancy          878589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer12.utilization              5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          863600250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       660653                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       330326                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            330325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       428986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           63764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       330324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       990973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                990979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40020800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40021056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          162426                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8575040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           492753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.002849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 492749    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             492753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          625329500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         495486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
