
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2122160833375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11063926                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 20073927                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34596134                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3428876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   441.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4882532693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8858664548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         685888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             699328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        13440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         13440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       678656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          678656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           10717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               10927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         10604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              10604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            880310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          44925168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              45805478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       880310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           880310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        44451477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             44451477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        44451477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           880310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         44925168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             90256956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       10927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      10604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     10927                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    10604                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 699328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  678464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  699328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               678656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   17792955000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 10927                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                10604                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   10460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         7974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    172.745423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.506205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.126075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4099     51.40%     51.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2838     35.59%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          214      2.68%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          126      1.58%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          126      1.58%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      0.82%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           55      0.69%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      0.63%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          401      5.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         7974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.501603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.413942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.821046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13                1      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                1      0.16%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                2      0.32%      0.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              291     46.63%     47.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               31      4.97%     52.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              137     21.96%     74.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19               76     12.18%     86.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               49      7.85%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               23      3.69%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                7      1.12%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                1      0.16%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                1      0.16%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                1      0.16%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.988782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.954965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.078702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              330     52.88%     52.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      1.12%     54.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              251     40.22%     94.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               36      5.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    267498250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               472379500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   54635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24480.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43230.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        45.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        44.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     45.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     44.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6299                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    7252                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 57.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                68.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     826387.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 29552460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 15696120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                40455240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               28939680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         577761600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            422178480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             21536160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2072628300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       573915360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       2001590940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             5784413670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            378.874913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14283728750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27019500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     244658000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   8245272000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1494469000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     710429250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4545496375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 27403320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14565210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                37563540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               26397540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         582678720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            464268990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             19992000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1968080610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       635054400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       2000529780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             5776740480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            378.372324                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14189650750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23697750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     246768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   8226930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1653778875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     800180500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4315988750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12787680                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         12787680                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1015211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10251722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1346420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            112051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10251722                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3552897                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         6698825                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       560861                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9274449                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4071850                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        48224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         7057                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6881422                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2510                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  219                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7540829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56390210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12787680                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4899317                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21952308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2032932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        17                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13724                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6878921                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               244546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30524251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.047222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.606669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11584452     37.95%     37.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  438257      1.44%     39.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1213905      3.98%     43.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1489473      4.88%     48.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  766787      2.51%     50.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1383363      4.53%     55.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1243066      4.07%     59.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  477995      1.57%     60.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                11926953     39.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30524251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.418792                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.846759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5710349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              7679093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 14230244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1888099                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1016466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             115067194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1016466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6834295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5570708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        129370                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 14880552                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2092860                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             109956751                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                15854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1265725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    47                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                436398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          122711351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            282831754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156827822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         15967533                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68604141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                54107291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             18333                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         20027                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5928045                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11194214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5137197                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           468460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          231539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  99927876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             117149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 85121385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           510154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       38968210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58781449                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        116870                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30524251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.788648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.657454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10790826     35.35%     35.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2073493      6.79%     42.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2574813      8.44%     50.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2850296      9.34%     59.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3118361     10.22%     70.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2784318      9.12%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2862712      9.38%     88.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1979384      6.48%     95.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1490048      4.88%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30524251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1404145     86.21%     86.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     86.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     86.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               104611      6.42%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 27500      1.69%     94.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                16723      1.03%     95.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            75702      4.65%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             119      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          2024678      2.38%      2.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63720652     74.86%     77.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1036      0.00%     77.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                32907      0.04%     77.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5317633      6.25%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7522417      8.84%     92.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4228638      4.97%     97.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2239197      2.63%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         34227      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              85121385                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.787695                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1628800                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         187256387                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        124994042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74485698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15649591                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          14019606                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7207692                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              76833446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7892061                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          419616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4856595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4303                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          622                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1701655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1016466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4835541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               411452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          100045025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            30562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11194214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5137197                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             49249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  2460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               408041                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           622                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        371055                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       950919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1321974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             82748885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9191653                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2372503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    13261213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7735985                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4069560                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.709996                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      82147197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     81693390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 60181842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                111487073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.675429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.539810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       38968232                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            279                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1016144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24830164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.459787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.840336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8990657     36.21%     36.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3539659     14.26%     50.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3759151     15.14%     65.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2176546      8.77%     74.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       834438      3.36%     77.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       946946      3.81%     81.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       373178      1.50%     83.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       498950      2.01%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3710639     14.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24830164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            27306460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              61076911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       9773188                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6337629                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6221796                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   5103920                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 57105428                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              576236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1141713      1.87%      1.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        46317749     75.84%     77.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             33      0.00%     77.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           21842      0.04%     77.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       3822386      6.26%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5164227      8.46%     92.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3401655      5.57%     98.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1173402      1.92%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        33904      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         61076911                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3710639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   121164668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  205868166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            275                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          10437                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27306460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     61076911                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.118222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.118222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.894277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.894277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               112459488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63021491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10960378                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6096192                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 50241513                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                22578660                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               28198298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           17169731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1282.854976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         48985424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        48985424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8796570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8796570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3427052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3427052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12223622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12223622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12223622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12223622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        10742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         8646                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8646                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        19388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         19388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        19388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        19388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    677763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    677763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    686800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    686800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1364563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1364563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8807312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8807312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3435698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3435698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12243010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12243010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12243010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12243010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63094.675107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63094.675107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79435.577146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79435.577146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70381.834124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70381.834124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70381.834124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70381.834124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           21                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            11436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    382847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    382847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    674301000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    674301000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1057148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1057148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78132.040816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78132.040816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79366.878531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79366.878531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78915.198567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78915.198567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78915.198567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78915.198567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.607408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           35533760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         26032.058608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.607408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27517056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        27517056                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6877395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6877395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6877395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6877395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6877395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6877395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42602500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42602500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42602500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42602500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42602500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42602500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6878921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6878921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6878921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6878921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6878921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6878921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27917.758847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27917.758847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27917.758847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27917.758847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27917.758847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27917.758847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           47                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35595500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35595500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35595500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35595500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35595500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35595500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25944.241983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25944.241983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25944.241983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25944.241983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 25944.241983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25944.241983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu4.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu4.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu4.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu4.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu4.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu4.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu4.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu4.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu4.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu4.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu4.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu4.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu4.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu4.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu4.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu4.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu4.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu4.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu4.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu4.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu4.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu4.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu4.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu5.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu5.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu5.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu5.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu5.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu5.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu5.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu5.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu5.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu5.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu5.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu5.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu5.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu5.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu5.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu5.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu5.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu5.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu5.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu5.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu5.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu5.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu5.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10966                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                       131072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       10978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.001094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      419.137615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       569.448410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     130083.413975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.004345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.992458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       120112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    246830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   246830                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            11436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1359                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1359                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1150                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1150                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            7401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          210                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              210                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         3316                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3316                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              10717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  10927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             10717                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 10927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    650035000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     650035000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21422500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     21422500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    358674000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    358674000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21422500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1008709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1030131500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21422500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1008709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1030131500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1359                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1359                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8484                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8484                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1360                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1360                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         4900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          4900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            13384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           13384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.872348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.872348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.154412                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.154412                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.676735                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.676735                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.154412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.800732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.741115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.154412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.800732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.741115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87830.698554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87830.698554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102011.904762                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102011.904762                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108164.656212                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108164.656212                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102011.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94122.329010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94273.954425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102011.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94122.329010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94273.954425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          210                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3316                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3316                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         10717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             10927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            10927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    576025000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    576025000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19322500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19322500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    325514000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325514000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    901539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    920861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    901539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    920861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.872348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.154412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.676735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.154412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.741115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.154412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.741115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77830.698554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77830.698554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92011.904762                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92011.904762                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98164.656212                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98164.656212                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92011.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84122.329010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84273.954425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92011.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84122.329010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84273.954425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21893                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10966                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        32820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        32820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1377984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1377984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1377984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             10927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   10927    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               10927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer12.occupancy           65873500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer12.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58557750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        29517                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           43                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              6272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 44273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1588480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1762880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           10978                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    679424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            25734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001360                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  25699     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     35      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              25734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2058000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          20082499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
