
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6076402961750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              129813644                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                241191033                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              342957403                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5778877396                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10737035510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12653184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12653248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        26112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           26112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828774402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828778594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1710317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1710317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1710317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828774402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            830488911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197707                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        408                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197707                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12649408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12653248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                26112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197707                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  408                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.198895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.905400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.578330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40779     41.89%     41.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45220     46.45%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9842     10.11%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1334      1.37%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          150      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7774.560000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7651.444549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1403.960591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      8.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      8.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     12.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     12.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     20.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     12.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      8.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4765408000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8471289250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  988235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24110.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42860.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100343                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     349                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77063.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348596220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185294670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708602160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1064880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1645239450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24134880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5162309310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105752640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387619890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.882314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11595988125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        66500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11320177875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346511340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184178940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               702597420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1023120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1635767760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24509280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5177760870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       100442400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378100170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.258780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11616675500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    261753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131003875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11355181000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1514471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1514471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            68408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1244592                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  49246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8485                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1244592                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            629831                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          614761                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22889                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     719083                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      54927                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138761                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          896                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1223984                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7940                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1253056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4492707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1514471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            679077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29034886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 142106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        72656                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1216044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30435602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.297344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.377519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28706432     94.32%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25302      0.08%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  594041      1.95%     96.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28457      0.09%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  124046      0.41%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70503      0.23%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   82726      0.27%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26721      0.09%     97.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  777374      2.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30435602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.147135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  639502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28597686                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   832320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               295041                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 71053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7362351                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 71053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  730557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27297104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15502                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   961535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1359851                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7048480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                980468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                337072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8389885                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19480859                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9306917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            37802                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2799467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5590366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1892120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1259748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              81222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4712                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6678356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4290                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4782360                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5317                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4347707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8738596                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4287                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30435602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.157130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.724808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28474814     93.56%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             781954      2.57%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             411161      1.35%     97.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             275816      0.91%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             286646      0.94%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              88111      0.29%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              73883      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25537      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17680      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30435602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9968     65.76%     65.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1092      7.20%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3705     24.44%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  240      1.58%     98.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              130      0.86%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19835      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3926142     82.10%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1331      0.03%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9002      0.19%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13439      0.28%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              750664     15.70%     98.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              59303      1.24%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2550      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            94      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4782360                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.156621                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15159                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39987189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10997171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4575689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              33608                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             33184                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14481                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4760345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  17339                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4087                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       821518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1062                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 71053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25157240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               283710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6682646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1259748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               81222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                87916                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36059                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               78628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4692008                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               718813                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      773728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  550466                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     54915                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.153662                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4607885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4590170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3374516                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5321982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.150326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4348608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            71051                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29811005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.511565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28786505     96.56%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       475271      1.59%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112747      0.38%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306672      1.03%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56501      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27719      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5776      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3664      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36150      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29811005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1168581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2334884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        463748                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       438238                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    418182                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10206                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2324575                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3067      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1851757     79.31%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            180      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7408      0.32%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8724      0.37%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         436756     18.71%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25510      1.09%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1482      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2334884                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36458347                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13993210                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          99086                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1168581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2334884                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.129715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.129715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4729691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3989243                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25843                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12855                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2847732                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1252875                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2444830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           228323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             325896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           228323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.427346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3174079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3174079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       300583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         300583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       325147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          325147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       325147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         325147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       410346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       410346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       411292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        411292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       411292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       411292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35011495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35011495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34854000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34854000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35046349500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35046349500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35046349500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35046349500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       710929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       710929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       736439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       736439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       736439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       736439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.577197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.558488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.558488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.558488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.558488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85321.888114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85321.888114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36843.551797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36843.551797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85210.384593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85210.384593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85210.384593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85210.384593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17164                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              709                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.208745                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       228323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       228323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19328692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19328692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33366000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33366000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19362058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19362058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19362058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19362058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036809                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036809                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85004.626535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85004.626535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35533.546326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35533.546326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84801.172024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84801.172024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84801.172024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84801.172024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4864177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4864177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1216043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1216043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1216043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1216043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1216043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1216043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1216044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1216044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1216044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197714                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      261392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.322071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.803836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.062098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.134066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3848858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3848858                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         29918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             29918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                30617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    30617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               30617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   30617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24292500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24292500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18648808500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18648808500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18673101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18673205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18673101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18673205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       227384                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        227384                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           228323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               228324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          228323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              228324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255591                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.255591                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.868425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.868425                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.865905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.865905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.865905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.865905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101218.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101218.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94440.604965                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94440.604965                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94448.833116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94448.881426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94448.833116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94448.881426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197466                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197466                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21892500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21892500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16674148500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16674148500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16696041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16696135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16696041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16696135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.868425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.865905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.865905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91218.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91218.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84440.604965                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84440.604965                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84448.833116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84448.881426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84448.833116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84448.881426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395403                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197708                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       593110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       593110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 593110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12679360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12679360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12679360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197707    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       456648                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       228324                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          536                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            227385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          423505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       227384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       684969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                684972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14748608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14748736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197714                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     26112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425483     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    553      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          230449000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         342484500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
