
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4152717602000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71683733                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                132905359                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              194720696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    78.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5620459197                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10420625255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12381568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12381568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        37504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           37504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         810983751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             810983751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2456485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2456485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2456485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        810983751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            813440235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193462                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193462                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      586                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12376256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12381568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                37504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     83                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267328000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193462                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  586                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.678668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.912519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.318097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43411     44.30%     44.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44001     44.91%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9148      9.34%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1276      1.30%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5275.055556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5049.680594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1414.319280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      2.78%      2.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.78%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4     11.11%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      8.33%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      5.56%     30.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      2.78%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      8.33%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      8.33%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            4     11.11%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4     11.11%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.56%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.78%     80.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.78%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.78%     86.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            2      5.56%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.78%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               36    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4787567250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8413423500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  966895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24757.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43507.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       810.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    810.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95465                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     502                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78678.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349938540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186008130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690695040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2082780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1627357410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24498720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5190559080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        96757920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9373206660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.938258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11635281375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    252136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11383418125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349695780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185848740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               690031020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 923940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1629172290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24411360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5196330900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        90456480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9371564910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.830725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11631700250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9311500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    235690250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3116732375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11396010000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1540247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1540247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            67849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1204001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51322                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1204001                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            648152                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          555849                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23153                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     744318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      68537                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148413                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1221                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1274285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5051                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1305312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4600652                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1540247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            699474                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29059158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 139052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        44456                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1269234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8498                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30480804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.303673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.391126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28710071     94.19%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23552      0.08%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613373      2.01%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32028      0.11%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  126617      0.42%     96.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   65113      0.21%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87632      0.29%     97.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   27348      0.09%     97.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  795070      2.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30480804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.150670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  657062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28585984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   864908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               303324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 69526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7639130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 69526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  751377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27340668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   997961                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1309408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7320196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                78779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                988712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                261214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8710340                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20229490                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9714140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            46713                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3169361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5540978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               219                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           269                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1922175                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1285709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              97938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6923021                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5018928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4286917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8747966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30480804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.164659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.748557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28455300     93.35%     93.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             792115      2.60%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             425706      1.40%     97.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             289173      0.95%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             291843      0.96%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              94194      0.31%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              79748      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              30748      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21977      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30480804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13234     71.33%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1434      7.73%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3379     18.21%     97.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  336      1.81%     99.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              122      0.66%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19484      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4116309     82.02%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1578      0.03%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13033      0.26%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17848      0.36%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              774023     15.42%     98.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              73288      1.46%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3242      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           123      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5018928                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.164368                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18552                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40498951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11177269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4804359                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              44371                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             38018                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19661                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4995170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22826                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       806162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          170                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        59128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           67                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1104                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 69526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25362561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               271977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6928369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1285709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               97938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16687                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                72636                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        40779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               77727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4925941                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               743957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            92987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      812480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  583795                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     68523                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.161323                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4843364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4824020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3534961                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5656882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.157985                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624896                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4287707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            69525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29868836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.560497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28754877     96.27%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       502341      1.68%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126733      0.42%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       327662      1.10%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59438      0.20%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32687      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7047      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5218      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52833      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29868836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1322704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2641452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        518357                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       479547                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    458957                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15432                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2625854                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4630      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2093843     79.27%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            273      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11149      0.42%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13200      0.50%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         477315     18.07%     98.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38810      1.47%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2232      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2641452                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36745162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14472111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          53885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1322704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2641452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.085051                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.085051                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5090875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4181335                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    34729                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17333                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3058448                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1338575                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2543886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           237569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             345972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           237569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.456301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3321413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3321413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       310499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         310499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        37808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       348307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          348307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       348307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         348307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       421652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       421652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       422654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        422654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       422654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       422654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34439764500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34439764500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48323000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48323000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34488087500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34488087500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34488087500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34488087500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       732151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       732151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       770961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       770961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       770961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       770961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.575909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.548217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.548217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81678.171810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81678.171810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48226.546906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48226.546906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81598.866922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81598.866922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81598.866922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81598.866922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21062                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              811                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.970407                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       185076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       185085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       185085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       236576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19196456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19196456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46320500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46320500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19242776500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19242776500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19242776500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19242776500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.308147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81142.871635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81142.871635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46647.029204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46647.029204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80998.684593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80998.684593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80998.684593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80998.684593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5076936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5076936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1269234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1269234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1269234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1269234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1269234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1269234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1269234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1269234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1269234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1269234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1269234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1269234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193468                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      277752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.435648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.876130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.123870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3992276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3992276                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               620                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   620                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         43487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             43487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                44107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    44107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               44107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   44107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193088                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38110500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      38110500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18357686500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18357686500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18395797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18395797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18395797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18395797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       236575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        236575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           237569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               237569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          237569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              237569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.376258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.376258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.816181                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.816181                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.814340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.814340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.814340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.814340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101899.732620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101899.732620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95074.196739                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95074.196739                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95087.391839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95087.391839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95087.391839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95087.391839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  586                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       586                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193088                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193088                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34370500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34370500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16426806500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16426806500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16461177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16461177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16461177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16461177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.376258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.816181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.814340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.814340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.814340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.814340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91899.732620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91899.732620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85074.196739                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85074.196739                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85087.391839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85087.391839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85087.391839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85087.391839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386914                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12419072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12419072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12419072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193462    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456549500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046345750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       475138                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       237573                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          540                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            236575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       236575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       712707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                712707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15352192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15352192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193468                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     37504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430477     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    557      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          239878000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         356353500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
