
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10748210264000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116499142                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217896472                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283406927                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6275894246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11738244871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9998400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10018816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9920064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9920064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1337233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654887970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656225203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1337233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1337233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649757019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649757019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649757019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1337233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654887970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305982222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156544                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155001                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155001                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10018816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9920384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10018816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9920064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267203000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155001                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    723.655500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   562.212871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.073465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2021      7.33%      7.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2580      9.36%     16.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2002      7.27%     23.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1561      5.67%     29.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1423      5.16%     34.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1446      5.25%     40.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1470      5.34%     45.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1597      5.80%     51.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13453     48.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.168973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.117581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.629877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             29      0.30%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            95      0.98%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9374     96.82%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           128      1.32%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            30      0.31%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.182684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9648     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2894241500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5829441500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18488.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37238.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143002                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140993                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49004.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98917560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52575930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561582420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405693180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514306460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63377760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2081490660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       321824160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577827200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7427456130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.493006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11702710125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6378698000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    838074375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3125146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4564687250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97825140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51987705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556141740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403438140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504184970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63746400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2073618390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       312519840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1593434640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7402455285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.855468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11802684125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42052250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6441429500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    813804875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3106609500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547468000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1283281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1283281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5977                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1275964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3432                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1275964                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1243231                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32733                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4175                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346267                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1270715                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          711                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2626                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47116                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          232                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5616845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1283281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1246663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432819                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          884                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.371437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.634221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28863434     94.61%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39048      0.13%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42211      0.14%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223999      0.73%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26628      0.09%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8327      0.03%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8785      0.03%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24576      0.08%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1270404      4.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.183950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  404806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28675396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   628610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               792370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11273584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  677322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 222583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1147490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28441485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11243367                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28152118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14332925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23761189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12905732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305710                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14094327                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  238598                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           128                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4871180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1277889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11188460                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11133463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1844                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         155396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       224351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           572                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.364943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.238418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27482598     90.08%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471510      1.55%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540439      1.77%     93.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347226      1.14%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             320686      1.05%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1032488      3.38%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117514      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             170479      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24472      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72546     94.37%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  487      0.63%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   678      0.88%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      0.25%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2781      3.62%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             188      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4041      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9424876     84.65%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  269      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83381      0.75%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302427      2.72%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1233830     11.08%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46410      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38145      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11133463                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.364617                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76872                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52478205                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11139199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10928664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             374849                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205520                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183764                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11017188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189106                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          193                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11779                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          432                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               137244                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11189142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1277889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               303                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136709                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           193                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11119516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1616785                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1259380                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1270679                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.364160                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11115451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11112428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8116426                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11362647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.363928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714308                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         155597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.361969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.263566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27547977     90.37%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340142      1.12%     91.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322967      1.06%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1118243      3.67%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69093      0.23%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       696611      2.29%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72353      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22076      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293108      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5451696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11033746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1599967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333857                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1253182                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180232                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10936751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2241      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9349820     84.74%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81432      0.74%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289659      2.63%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1228426     11.13%     99.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44198      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11033746                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               293108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41378805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22403984                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27277                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5451696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11033746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.600952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.600952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.178541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.178541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12706397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8436272                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285143                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144946                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6283918                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5603472                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4142075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1461673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.352911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6593692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6593692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1111116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1111116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1450748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1450748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1450748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1450748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    336715500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336715500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14001260498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14001260498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14337975998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14337975998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14337975998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14337975998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1266140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1266140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1609353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1609353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1609353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1609353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94028.344038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94028.344038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90316.728365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90316.728365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90400.529605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90400.529605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90400.529605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90400.529605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12567                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.410072                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133043500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133043500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13845650998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13845650998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13978694498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13978694498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13978694498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13978694498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105006.708761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105006.708761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89317.560755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89317.560755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89444.754055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89444.754055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89444.754055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89444.754055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            18.231544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45919500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45919500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45919500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45919500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60982.071713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60982.071713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60982.071713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60982.071713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60982.071713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60982.071713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61654.424040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61654.424040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61654.424040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61654.424040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61654.424040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61654.424040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157062                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       58.961688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.073561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.964751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2666910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2666910                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155364                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155364                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          594                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              594                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13612874000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13612874000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33108500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33108500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    130690000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    130690000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13743564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13776672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13743564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13776672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155364                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155364                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          594                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          594                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.535235                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.535235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.535235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87828.393357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87828.393357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103788.401254                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103788.401254                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106252.032520                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106252.032520                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103788.401254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87973.448382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88005.675757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103788.401254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87973.448382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88005.675757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155001                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155001                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1230                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1230                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12062934000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12062934000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29918500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29918500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    118390000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118390000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29918500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12181324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12211242500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29918500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12181324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12211242500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77828.393357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77828.393357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93788.401254                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93788.401254                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96252.032520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96252.032520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93788.401254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77973.448382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78005.675757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93788.401254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77973.448382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78005.675757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312939                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156411                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19938816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19938816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19938816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156544    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823259250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313758                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156876                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           98                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            760                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          760                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19945216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20021504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157065                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9920256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313086     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    858      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            898500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234421500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
