
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9221475851500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128389884                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                239250759                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              325892206                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6014785377                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11208377237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12649728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12649792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828548037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828552229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1253394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1253394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1253394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828548037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829805623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        299                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      299                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12647296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12649728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267585000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  299                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.644301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.292785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.585388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40326     41.60%     41.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45130     46.56%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9945     10.26%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1368      1.41%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10716.444444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10476.918837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2302.325045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.56%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.56%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.11%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.11%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.56%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.56%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4807396750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8512659250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  988070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24327.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43077.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100699                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77128.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                341770380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181624905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697977840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  83520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623206670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24409440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5171336970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116515200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9361619325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.179296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11643567750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9396500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509652375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    303227500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11341041000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350438340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186235830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               712993260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1419840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1657508130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24516480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5150084520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105006720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     819540.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9394331700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.321933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11569329750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      1114000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    273618750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3178465125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11294614250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1237320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1237320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            46710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              947074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  30979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4393                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         947074                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            535841                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          411233                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14358                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     593060                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      32036                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133768                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          624                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1039594                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1628                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1061690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3557762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1237320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            566820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29388857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  94504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14863                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1037966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4758                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30513672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.234577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.220417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29106881     95.39%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13132      0.04%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  531026      1.74%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   17969      0.06%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  104576      0.34%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   49549      0.16%     97.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72890      0.24%     97.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15856      0.05%     98.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  601793      1.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30513672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.116515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  493530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29079924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   621390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               271576                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 47252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5866045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 47252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  569434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27961359                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16941                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   746824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1171862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5636086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                68462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                949591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                172769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6745170                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15765211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7328718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            30598                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2575419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4169754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1771418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1027668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              47757                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5381496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3890220                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4797                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3240267                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6866321                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30513672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.127491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.638474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28828222     94.48%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             716361      2.35%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             364633      1.19%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             240761      0.79%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             222144      0.73%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              59286      0.19%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              51953      0.17%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16910      0.06%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13402      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30513672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7162     60.83%     60.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     60.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     60.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  845      7.18%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     68.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3346     28.42%     96.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  201      1.71%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              152      1.29%     99.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              67      0.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10515      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3210756     82.53%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 642      0.02%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6660      0.17%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10300      0.26%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              614542     15.80%     99.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              34334      0.88%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2217      0.06%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           254      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3890220                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.127403                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11773                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003026                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38283760                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8596666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3747540                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26922                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             28306                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11200                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3877621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13857                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       618935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        29062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 47252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26320813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               249734                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5384703                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1027668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               47757                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                53281                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         26126                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               51937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3830679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               592828                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            59541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      624859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  478556                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     32031                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.125453                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3769141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3758740                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2713612                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4359266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.123097                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622493                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3240752                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            47252                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30060669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.477189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29090630     96.77%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       454839      1.51%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110926      0.37%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       302308      1.01%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44865      0.15%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21842      0.07%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3533      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2853      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28873      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30060669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1073968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2144438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        427429                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       408734                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    391147                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7680                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2136760                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2301      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1702408     79.39%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            132      0.01%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5640      0.26%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6528      0.30%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         407582     19.01%     99.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18695      0.87%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1152      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2144438                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                28873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35416986                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11224286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          21017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1073968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2144438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.431656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.431656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3823152                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3251726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19996                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9943                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2549095                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1070906                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2041171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           220522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             217912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           220522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.988164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2641890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2641890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       199911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         199911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       217854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          217854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       217854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         217854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       386736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       386736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          752                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          752                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       387488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        387488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       387488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       387488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34044007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34044007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27595999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27595999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34071602999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34071602999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34071602999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34071602999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       586647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       586647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       605342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       605342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       605342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       605342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.659231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.640114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.640114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88029.061168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88029.061168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36696.807181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36696.807181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87929.440393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87929.440393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87929.440393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87929.440393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              690                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.066667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       166958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       166958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       166966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       166966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       166966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       166966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       219778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       220522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       220522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19285792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19285792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26439499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26439499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312231999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312231999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312231999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312231999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.374634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87751.242163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87751.242163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35536.961022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35536.961022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87575.080940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87575.080940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87575.080940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87575.080940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4151865                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4151865                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1037965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1037965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1037965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1037965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1037965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1037965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       113500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       113500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1037966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1037966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1037966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1037966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1037966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1037966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197655                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      237902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.203622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.106249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.086463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.807288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3723711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3723711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         22304                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22304                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                22871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               22871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197474                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197474                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19106000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19106000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18698033000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18698033000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18717139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18717250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18717139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18717250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           744                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       219778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        219778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           220522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               220523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          220522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              220523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.237903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.898516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.896287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.896287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.896287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.896287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107943.502825                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107943.502825                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94686.049809                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94686.049809                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94697.922095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94698.004574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94697.922095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94698.004574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  299                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       299                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197474                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197474                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17336000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17336000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16723293000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16723293000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16740629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16740730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16740629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16740730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.896287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.896287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.896287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.896287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97943.502825                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97943.502825                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84686.049809                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84686.049809                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84697.922095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84698.004574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84697.922095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84698.004574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395297                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197652                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12668864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12668864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12668864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197652    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           467672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067251750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       441046                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       220526                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          516                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            219779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          415948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       219778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       661566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                661569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14236928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14237056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197655                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           418178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417649     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    529      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             418178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          222454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         330783000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
