
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10503932758000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115397421                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215578061                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284743241                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6187369170                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11558848306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9990912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10016320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9945920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9945920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1664206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654397511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656061717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1664206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1664206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651450568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651450568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651450568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1664206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654397511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307512285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156504                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155405                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155405                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10016256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9946496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10016256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9945920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267363000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155405                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    723.730858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   567.365549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.531192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1845      6.69%      6.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2679      9.71%     16.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2073      7.52%     23.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1455      5.27%     29.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1661      6.02%     35.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1315      4.77%     39.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1823      6.61%     46.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1118      4.05%     50.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13615     49.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.583714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             43      0.44%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           108      1.11%      1.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9389     96.74%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           113      1.16%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.236801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9664     99.58%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               14      0.14%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2898174250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5832624250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18518.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37268.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142881                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141453                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48948.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99246000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52750500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562753380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407661120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         753548640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1518840810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62471520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2095868910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       320463840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1569841740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7443549930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.547138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11773589500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43311250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6342892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    834543000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130984125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4596199750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97703760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51930780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554685180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403599960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1517465970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66865440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072333040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309035520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1586244660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7406651910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.130344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11689291125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     53459750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6416071375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    804768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131776250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4544768000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1305849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1305849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1297257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4432                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1297257                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1255466                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41791                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5422                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     352152                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1288114                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          912                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2681                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      54490                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          289                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             80361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5720269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1305849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1259898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30412198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1026                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    54316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.377953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.647723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28829602     94.52%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40128      0.13%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42939      0.14%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224980      0.74%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28057      0.09%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9386      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9913      0.03%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25303      0.08%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1291440      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  416135                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28632265                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   644282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               801052                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11454563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  693779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 279992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1166508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28335241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11416288                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28041088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14535216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24161579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13131094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           315989                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14228483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  306695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4949967                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              364012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1297253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20686                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11345328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                921                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11274468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         198948                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       288097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           794                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.369634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.244775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27439407     89.96%     89.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471210      1.54%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             552909      1.81%     93.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348404      1.14%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             324007      1.06%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1054792      3.46%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119947      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             166018      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25054      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73323     94.20%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  435      0.56%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   840      1.08%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  230      0.30%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2766      3.55%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             247      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4714      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9539884     84.61%     84.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 111      0.00%     84.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  340      0.00%     84.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84274      0.75%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308610      2.74%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1248119     11.07%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46788      0.41%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41628      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11274468                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.369235                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77841                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52745902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11330712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11059138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384984                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            214699                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188521                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11153453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194142                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27067                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          226                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          638                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  60209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               179120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11346249                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               364012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1297253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               419                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               178531                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           226                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2132                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7620                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9752                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11256381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1640052                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1274594                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1288072                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.368642                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11251444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11247659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8207701                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11515518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.368357                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         199249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.365848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.267766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27504306     90.27%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339789      1.12%     91.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323152      1.06%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1135373      3.73%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64408      0.21%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       718690      2.36%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72835      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22335      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288829      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5508843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11147281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1619089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1266682                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184353                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11049538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2368      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9443423     84.72%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82036      0.74%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292623      2.63%     88.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1241142     11.13%     99.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44322      0.40%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11147281                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41527418                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22725704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5508843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11147281                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.542850                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.542850                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.180413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.180413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12873989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8537744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290882                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146233                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6356253                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5659420                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4197534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1460862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.355085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6677697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6677697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       344267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         344267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1127503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1127503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1471770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1471770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1471770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1471770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    383174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13965999998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13965999998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14349173998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14349173998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14349173998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14349173998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       348206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       348206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1282179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1282179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1630385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1630385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1630385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1630385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97276.973851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97276.973851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90291.965127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90291.965127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90465.428856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90465.428856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90465.428856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90465.428856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          205                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.203488                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   102.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13810008998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13810008998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13970722998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13970722998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13970722998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13970722998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107214.142762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107214.142762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89292.122759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89292.122759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89464.158543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89464.158543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89464.158543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89464.158543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             362953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           494.486376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           218002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          218002                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        53396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        53396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           53396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        53396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          53396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60123500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60123500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        54316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        54316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        54316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        54316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        54316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65351.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65351.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65351.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65351.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65351.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65351.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47266500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47266500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47266500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47266500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64046.747967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64046.747967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64046.747967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64046.747967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64046.747967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64046.747967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157153                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.740781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.368308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.890911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2667161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2667161                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            337                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                337                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  49                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154640                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154640                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              397                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1467                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1467                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13577762000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13577762000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42598500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42598500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158061000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    158061000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42598500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13735823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13778421500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42598500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13735823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13778421500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          734                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            734                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540872                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.540872                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.540872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.540872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87802.392654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87802.392654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107301.007557                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107301.007557                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107744.376278                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107744.376278                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107301.007557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87989.795461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88038.781756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107301.007557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87989.795461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88038.781756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1467                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1467                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12031352000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12031352000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38628500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38628500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    143391000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143391000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38628500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12174743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213371500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38628500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12174743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213371500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77802.327988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77802.327988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97301.007557                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97301.007557                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97744.376278                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97744.376278                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97301.007557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77989.731402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78038.717860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97301.007557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77989.731402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78038.717860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313116                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156636                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19962240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19962240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19962240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156504    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935351500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313789                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156891                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          122                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            615                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          615                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19920960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20014912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9946176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313314     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    737      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312736500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234238498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
