
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               335881570750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2750287                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5190549                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55810132                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   273.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   752364720                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1419919443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         250048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             250304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       210432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          210432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16377963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16394731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13783144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13783144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13783144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16377963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30177875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3288                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3288                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 250304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  211008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  250304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               210432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15271476000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3288                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.529386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.363968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   142.343311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4027     88.64%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          213      4.69%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           80      1.76%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      1.21%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      1.01%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.86%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.70%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.35%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           35      0.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.189189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.916235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.820979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             7      3.78%      3.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            34     18.38%     22.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           110     59.46%     81.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            12      6.49%     88.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             3      1.62%     89.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             5      2.70%     92.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.54%     92.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             5      2.70%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             4      2.16%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.54%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.821622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.811205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.594876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               16      8.65%      8.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.62%     10.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              165     89.19%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    370786750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               444118000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     94806.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               113556.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2622                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2121332.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13773060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7316760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12145140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6227460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1170889200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            397090500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             53454240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2774665950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2145573120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        783887940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7366948620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            482.529807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14248531125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     96901250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     497178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2580812250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5587347875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     420365500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6084739250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18671100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9923925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                15779400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10982880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1256938800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            476962890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             49937280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2968278990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2405957280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        466152480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7680458235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            503.064460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14075356875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     80544500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     533476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1314488500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6265755875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     563761250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6509318000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13186095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13186095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1081193                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11103942                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 987867                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11103942                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3617970                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7485972                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       775168                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9958810                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7477195                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       124457                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        45358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8958036                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14814                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9684956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59453083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13186095                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4605837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19684274                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2180042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67005                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8943222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               260003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.728164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.578873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12401053     40.61%     40.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854090      2.80%     43.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1244885      4.08%     47.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1406446      4.61%     52.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1109896      3.63%     55.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1112469      3.64%     59.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1033764      3.39%     62.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  904993      2.96%     65.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10466839     34.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.947067                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8582385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4329397                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15581044                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               951588                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1090021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108292798                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1090021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9347290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3246508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12642                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15701214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1136760                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103258513                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 65346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    57                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1013024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109729222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259549759                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155076343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3138444                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68286193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41443066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1098                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   938261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11863993                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8863829                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           498803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          196264                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92995983                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              67789                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83009214                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           459008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29134641                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41997380                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         67766                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.718544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.525578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9837150     32.22%     32.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2836645      9.29%     41.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3092622     10.13%     51.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3102931     10.16%     61.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3136055     10.27%     72.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2758221      9.03%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3090392     10.12%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1642497      5.38%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1037922      3.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 815394     74.15%     74.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14169      1.29%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 99890      9.08%     84.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83699      7.61%     92.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              492      0.04%     92.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86073      7.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           503832      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62874013     75.74%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75355      0.09%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85057      0.10%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1159728      1.40%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10107708     12.18%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7536574      9.08%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         393770      0.47%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        273177      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83009214                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.718522                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1099717                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013248                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194204745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119163429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77539555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3906849                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3036119                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1770969                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81634277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1970822                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1253590                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4208698                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11995                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2699                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2585123                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1090021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3302750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93063772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            24599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11863993                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8863829                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2827                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2699                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        308778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124227                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1433005                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80459857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9952343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2549363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17422044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8704384                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7469701                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.635031                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79908899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79310524                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55394173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86693519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.597391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638966                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29135167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1089277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26145703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.445112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.733674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9398239     35.95%     35.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3778139     14.45%     50.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2619650     10.02%     60.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3556120     13.60%     74.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1144682      4.38%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1144246      4.38%     82.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       812623      3.11%     85.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       468363      1.79%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223641     12.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26145703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33750827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63929164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13934006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7655298                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7430678                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1304673                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62949117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              463348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       259841      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48619485     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54360      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75936      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        985536      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7379574     11.54%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6278708      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       275724      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63929164                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3223641                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115986393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190605738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            253                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33750827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63929164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.904709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.904709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.105327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.105327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116301180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62169990                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2496108                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1235959                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40380476                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21182155                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35351806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             531317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            95.457600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59456090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59456090                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8575290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8575290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6278512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6278512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14853802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14853802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14853802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14853802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    276331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    520457500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    520457500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    796788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    796788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    796788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    796788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8580778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8580778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6281853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6281853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14862631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14862631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14862631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14862631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50351.858601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50351.858601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155778.958396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155778.958396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90246.743686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90246.743686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90246.743686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90246.743686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    154206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    514685500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514685500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    668891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668891500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    668891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668891500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68475.133215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68475.133215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155259.577677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155259.577677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120152.954913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120152.954913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120152.954913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120152.954913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             396688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           234.172373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35774583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35774583                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8941495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8941495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8941495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8941495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8941495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8941495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23714500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23714500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23714500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23714500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23714500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23714500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8943222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8943222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8943222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8943222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8943222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8943222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13731.615518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.615518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13731.615518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.615518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13731.615518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.615518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21817500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21817500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21817500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21817500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21817500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21817500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12871.681416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12871.681416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12871.681416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12871.681416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12871.681416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12871.681416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3918                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.171771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.903787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.608998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16305.487215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    119998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   119998                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1694                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1694                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1690                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1690                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             596                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    509669000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     509669000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1526500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1526500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133347500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133347500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1526500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643016500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        644543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1526500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643016500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       644543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1694                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1694                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1694                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1694                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264654                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.264654                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.701940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.538705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.701940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.538705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153932.044699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153932.044699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       381625                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       381625                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 223737.416107                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223737.416107                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       381625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164580.624520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164802.608029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       381625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164580.624520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164802.608029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3288                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3288                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    476559000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476559000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1486500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1486500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    127387500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127387500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    603946500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    605433000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    603946500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605433000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.701940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.538705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.701940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.538705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143932.044699                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143932.044699                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       371625                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       371625                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 213737.416107                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213737.416107                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       371625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154580.624520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154802.608029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       371625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154580.624520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154802.608029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7818                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       460736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       460736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  460736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3911    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        14522                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7259                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 21783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       216832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       625216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 842048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3919                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    210496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052587                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11149     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     31      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           13158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2542500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8349500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
