
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10626071511000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115444809                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215796596                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              282834107                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6231692004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11648667177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9971584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9996800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9920256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9920256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1651630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653131541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654783171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1651630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1651630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649769594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649769594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649769594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1651630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653131541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304552765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156201                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155004                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9996800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9919872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9996864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9920256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267371000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156201                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155004                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    722.322852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   557.901338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.790249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2137      7.75%      7.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2547      9.24%     16.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2127      7.71%     24.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1356      4.92%     29.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1424      5.16%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1370      4.97%     39.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1609      5.84%     45.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1414      5.13%     50.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13589     49.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.136880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.084388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.635552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               9      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            93      0.96%      1.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9387     96.97%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           101      1.04%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            30      0.31%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.229177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9641     99.61%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2895825500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5824575500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18539.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37288.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142592                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141033                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49058.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99010380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52625265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561089760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405980280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1500824820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64692960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2087180970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       307034400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1590901440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7416146835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.752255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11800351875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43150500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6430821375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    799513000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3100390750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4577010500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97860840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52014270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554178240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403077960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         743714400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1499905410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66783840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075383680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       295208160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1604783520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7392927000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.231372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11804261125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48783750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6484070250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    768751750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3099117250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4551439125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335399                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1326585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               923                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1326585                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286633                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39952                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5206                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351848                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319518                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          884                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2683                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          294                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79747                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5836705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30409415                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1279                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2191                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28796897     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39856      0.13%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42829      0.14%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225169      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27703      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9343      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9776      0.03%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25224      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321488      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28581951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               833560                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7682                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11696216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7682                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  709360                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 278133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16817                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1198135                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28288158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11659003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  3403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27997527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14838184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24675004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13404584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           312441                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14543934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  294250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5049505                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363321                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328754                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            19998                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11591260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                926                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11522569                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2389                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         192537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       279483                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           799                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27375572     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470040      1.54%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             568069      1.86%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347001      1.14%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             340912      1.12%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1085298      3.56%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119609      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             166676      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25108      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73423     94.33%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  440      0.57%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   849      1.09%     95.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  218      0.28%     96.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2649      3.40%     99.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             254      0.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4684      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9757185     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 114      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  349      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84109      0.73%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308219      2.67%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279545     11.10%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46747      0.41%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41617      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11522569                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377360                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77833                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006755                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53239517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11572614                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11308590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384128                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            212333                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188137                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11402057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193661                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          236                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          733                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7682                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  58710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               179870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11592186                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363321                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328754                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               406                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               179295                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           236                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11505283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1671160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305926                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319479                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376794                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11500348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11496727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8396640                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11797753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376514                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         192823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30467284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27440443     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339444      1.11%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322294      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1165984      3.83%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64901      0.21%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       749189      2.46%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72901      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22314      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289814      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30467284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5635029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11399649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298227                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184351                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11301906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2369      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9664241     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82035      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292624      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272692     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44321      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11399649                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41769942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23216517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5635029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11399649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418728                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418728                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13154044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8724385                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290132                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145856                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6513205                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5784257                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4290822                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155867                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.644338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6802263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6802263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1503224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1503224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1503224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1503224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    383264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13935595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13935595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14318859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14318859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14318859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14318859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95126.334078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95126.334078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90288.021717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90288.021717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90411.106551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90411.106551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90411.106551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90411.106551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    86.619048                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    94.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164428500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164428500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13780057500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13780057500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13944486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13944486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13944486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13944486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117478                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117478                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106702.465931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106702.465931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89287.243900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89287.243900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89459.412991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89459.412991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89459.412991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89459.412991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.773524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             146963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           201.319178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.773524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           214730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          214730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66050.273224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66050.273224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66050.273224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66050.273224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66050.273224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66050.273224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67578.590786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67578.590786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67578.590786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67578.590786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67578.590786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67578.590786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156836                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       61.062976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.510695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16285.426329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2662156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2662156                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          729                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              729                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          394                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              394                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13548228000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13548228000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161618000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161618000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13709846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13755038500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13709846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13755038500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          729                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          729                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          732                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            732                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974043                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974043                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87801.044677                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87801.044677                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114701.776650                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114701.776650                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107673.550966                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107673.550966                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114701.776650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87992.490710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88059.861973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114701.776650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87992.490710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88059.861973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          394                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12005168000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12005168000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41252500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41252500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146608000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146608000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12151776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12193028500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12151776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12193028500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77801.044677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77801.044677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104701.776650                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104701.776650                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97673.550966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97673.550966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104701.776650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77992.490710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78059.861973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104701.776650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77992.490710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78059.861973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312459                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156284                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19917120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19917120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19917120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156201    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821574500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313210                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156598                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          137                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            656                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          656                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19881664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19975232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156842                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9920640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312656     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    793      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1107499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
