
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10916151049375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               54539599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                102128030                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              131044669                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   116.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6354127654                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11898412537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13243008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13243136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     10905088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        10905088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          206922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              206924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        170392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             170392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         867407448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             867415832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       714275378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            714275378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       714275378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        867407448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1581691210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      206923                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     170392                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    206923                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   170392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13243008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                10905088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13243072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             10905088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             10693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             10666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            10650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            10629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            10629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            10663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267176000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                206923                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               170392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   52091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   8443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  10650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  10650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  10649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  10656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  10690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  11646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  10694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  10754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  10731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  10938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       100004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    241.477061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.064373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   321.071230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        55793     55.79%     55.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19476     19.48%     75.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6552      6.55%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2291      2.29%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          833      0.83%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1961      1.96%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          202      0.20%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1288      1.29%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11608     11.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       100004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.431308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.762106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.606660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15          1459     13.70%     13.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          5845     54.89%     68.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            65      0.61%     69.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           230      2.16%     71.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           409      3.84%     75.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           613      5.76%     80.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           633      5.94%     86.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           558      5.24%     92.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           400      3.76%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           224      2.10%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           107      1.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            61      0.57%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            25      0.23%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            10      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             6      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         10649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.045448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10646     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         10649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4963574750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8843362250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1034610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23987.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.98                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42737.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       867.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       714.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    867.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    714.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   165781                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  111536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 80.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                65.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      40462.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                356785800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                189639945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               737726220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              444503880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         921345360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2172786420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59459040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2511423990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       290868960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1017385920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8701925535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            569.969830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10316812250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31948500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     390154000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4082641375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    757403500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4497239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5507957750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                357192780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                189875235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               739711140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              444942360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         924418560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2175249390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60749760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2518167090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       293297280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1010230020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8713833615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            570.749801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10339151750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     391388125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4052823750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    763779500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4502294750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5522548500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1799020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1799020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1558742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  89193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1558742                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            810247                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          748495                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           37                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1904789                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1458889                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        37624                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1201904                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1202056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7773715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1799020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            899440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29332498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1201904                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   22                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.504296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.781418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27876406     91.29%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  134690      0.44%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  272060      0.89%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  119247      0.39%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  374174      1.23%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  238910      0.78%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  212279      0.70%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   58335      0.19%     95.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1248587      4.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.058917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.254586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  419716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28069144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1356088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               689606                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   134                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15395599                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   134                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  757373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26320386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           401                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1636885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1819509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              15394896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                76695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1520464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           16997669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             40420109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        23450652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             16987373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   10361                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 2                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             2                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4620776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1905071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1459213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            57014                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           45934                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  15393854                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 56                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 15391211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           8589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.504057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.517258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26384340     86.41%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             933124      3.06%     89.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             699286      2.29%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             512969      1.68%     93.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             401050      1.31%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             639759      2.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             261023      0.85%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             473621      1.55%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             229516      0.75%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 293666     55.07%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 53233      9.98%     65.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               186354     34.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               85      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             12027366     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1904840     12.38%     90.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1458920      9.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              15391211                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.504057                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     533253                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.034647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          61850482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         15402511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15390808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              15924379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          446344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          810                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   134                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23477494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               145560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           15393910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1905071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1459213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                20                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 48485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            85                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           50                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             15391005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1904789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3363678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1797906                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1458889                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.504050                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      15390873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     15390808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 10991202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 20707400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.504043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.530786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           8589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30533521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.768404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27665877     90.61%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       267195      0.88%     91.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       342205      1.12%     92.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       384277      1.26%     93.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       268541      0.88%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46649      0.15%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184822      0.61%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       127038      0.42%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1246917      4.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30533521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             7767166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              15385379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3362462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1904057                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1797525                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 15385343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               89110                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           34      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        12022883     78.14%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1904057     12.38%     90.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1458405      9.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         15385379                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1246917                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    44680572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   30789049                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7767166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15385379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.931252                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.931252                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.254372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.254372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                23443062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               12133939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  9959021                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 4858818                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7004683                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           210913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            7827967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           210913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.114673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11878001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11878001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1046840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1046840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1458404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1458404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2505244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2505244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2505244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2505244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       411527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       411527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       411528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        411528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       411528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       411528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33647261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33647261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       165500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       165500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33647426500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33647426500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33647426500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33647426500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1458367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1458367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1458405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1458405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2916772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2916772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2916772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2916772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.282183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81761.976735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81761.976735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       165500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       165500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81762.180216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81762.180216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81762.180216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81762.180216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1654                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   110.266667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       178032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           178032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       210911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       210912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       210912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       210912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19759399500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19759399500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       164500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       164500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19759564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19759564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19759564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19759564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93685.959955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93685.959955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       164500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93686.295706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93686.295706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93686.295706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93686.295706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4807618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4807618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1201900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1201900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1201900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1201900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1201900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1201900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1201904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1201904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1201904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        91875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        91875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       201500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       201500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    206931                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      216319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    206931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.045368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.598021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.163056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.238923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3581563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3581563                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       178032                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           178032                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       206920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          206920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             206921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 206923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            206921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                206923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       163000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        163000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19385691500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19385691500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19385854500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19386053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19385854500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19386053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       178032                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       178032                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       210911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        210911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           210912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               210914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          210912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              210914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981077                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981077                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.981077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.981078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.981077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.981078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       163000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       163000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93686.891069                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93686.891069                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93687.226043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93687.279809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93687.226043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93687.279809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               170392                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    170392                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       206920                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       206920                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        206921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            206923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       206921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           206923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       153000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17316481500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17316481500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17316634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17316813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17316634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17316813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.981078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       153000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83686.842741                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83686.842741                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83687.177715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83687.231482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83687.177715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83687.231482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        413855                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       206932                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             206923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       170392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            36540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        206922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       620779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       620779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 620779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            206923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  206923    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              206923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1103845500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1083931000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       421829                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       210915                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            210914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       348424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           69420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       210911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       632738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                632744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24892480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               24892736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          206931                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  10905088                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           417845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417838    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             417845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          388948500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         316369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
