
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10549734790375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116572269                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217822523                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              286873150                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6203955868                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11592478711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10021504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10040832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9928256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9928256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1265970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656401265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657667235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1265970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1265970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650293589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650293589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650293589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1265970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656401265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307960824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156887                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155129                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155129                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10040768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9928832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10040768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9928256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156887                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155129                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.072778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   576.805754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   355.344945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1823      6.67%      6.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2297      8.41%     15.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2096      7.67%     22.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1641      6.01%     28.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1571      5.75%     34.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1450      5.31%     39.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1462      5.35%     45.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1338      4.90%     50.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13638     49.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.191538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.131046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.854678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            83      0.86%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9379     96.79%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           140      1.44%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             3      0.03%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             5      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.207956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9663     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893022750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5834654000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18440.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37190.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141327                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48931.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98489160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52348230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563638740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406199520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1512048690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63630720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2082703620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       316679520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1584747840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7432838040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.845517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11785793500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44889250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6393654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824642750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117760750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4567503125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96547080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51315990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556534440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403620840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1516498110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63658080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066242020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309741600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1593180180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7404233250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.971924                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11713057000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45849250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6437822125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    806622250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3129269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4531221500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1257891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1257891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5979                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1249989                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               740                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1249989                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1217548                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32441                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4216                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     369178                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1245345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          749                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2621                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47132                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5538106                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1257891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1221104                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          940                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46973                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1743                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.367019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.620684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28864224     94.61%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   42128      0.14%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   44836      0.15%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  242497      0.79%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28147      0.09%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8296      0.03%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8925      0.03%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25960      0.09%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1243577      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.181371                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  386794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28711250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   646456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               757811                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11139871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  665135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 220275                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1124958                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28479608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11109569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28184368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14194528                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23444964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12772011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303756                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13955371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  239157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4782881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              378850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1252657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           14506                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11054356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10998583                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1754                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         155321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           619                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.360508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.234570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27523823     90.22%     90.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             474246      1.55%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             528456      1.73%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349523      1.15%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             297841      0.98%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1007316      3.30%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             126447      0.41%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             175274      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25664      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  78197     94.78%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  333      0.40%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   850      1.03%     96.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  189      0.23%     96.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2743      3.32%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             194      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4064      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9292525     84.49%     84.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  270      0.00%     84.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83206      0.76%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              325522      2.96%     88.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1208488     10.99%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46282      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38142      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10998583                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.360200                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      82506                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007502                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52216133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11006965                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10793974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             373883                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203650                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183375                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10888486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188539                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          221                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          453                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               136963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11055085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               378850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1252657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136424                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           221                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7582                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10984551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               368999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1614307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1233937                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1245308                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.359740                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10980431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10977349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8015121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11173502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.359504                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.717333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         155553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.357562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.262969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27593371     90.52%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343765      1.13%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323611      1.06%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1092365      3.58%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65149      0.21%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       657222      2.16%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        78037      0.26%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        23494      0.08%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306537      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5373270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10899764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1597575                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       356779                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1227845                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180228                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10802770                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2242      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9218231     84.57%     84.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81430      0.75%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         312583      2.87%     88.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1203112     11.04%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44196      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10899764                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               306537                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41232331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22136153                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5373270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10899764                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.682701                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.682701                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12569290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8352370                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   284550                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144594                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6156369                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5547625                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4088655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156657                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1570749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.026676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6584421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6584421                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       362507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         362507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1085457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1085457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1447964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1447964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1447964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1447964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    334101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14024222499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14024222499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14358323499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14358323499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14358323499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14358323499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       366115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       366115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1240826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1240826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1606941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1606941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1606941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1606941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92600.055432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92600.055432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90263.968353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90263.968353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90316.986099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90316.986099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90316.986099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90316.986099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.058824                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2316                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13867632999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13867632999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14003064999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003064999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14003064999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003064999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104098.385857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104098.385857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89261.283464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89261.283464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89384.499007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89384.499007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89384.499007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89384.499007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.638596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188466                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60954.154728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60954.154728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60954.154728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60954.154728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60954.154728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60954.154728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62824.041812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62824.041812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62824.041812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62824.041812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62824.041812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62824.041812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157380                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.072782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.701201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16297.226017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2672836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2672836                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13634263000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13634263000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32364000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32364000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    132924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13767187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13799551500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13767187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13799551500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          570                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            570                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.529825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.963874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.529825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.529825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87775.543839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87775.543839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107165.562914                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107165.562914                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106000.398724                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106000.398724                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107165.562914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87921.496312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87958.540223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107165.562914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87921.496312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87958.540223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12080953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12080953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29344000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29344000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120384500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120384500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12201337500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12230681500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12201337500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12230681500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77775.543839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77775.543839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97165.562914                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97165.562914                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96000.398724                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96000.398724                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97165.562914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77921.496312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77958.540223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97165.562914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77921.496312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77958.540223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313618                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156747                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19969024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19969024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19969024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156887    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          825086750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314462                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157227                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           98                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            742                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          742                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1301                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19992256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20065216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157384                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9928512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313775     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    840      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313523000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234988997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
