
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6473353909000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              130120289                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                241856249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              341957032                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5809473918                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10798145823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12583872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12583872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         824234516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             824234516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1630670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1630670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1630670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        824234516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            825865186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196623                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        389                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196623                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12580224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12583872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196623                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  389                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.113665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.090508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.816428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41396     42.40%     42.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45106     46.20%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9691      9.93%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1278      1.31%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8056.080000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7843.907572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1900.279188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      8.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     12.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      8.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     16.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     12.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4849911250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8535523750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  982830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24673.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43423.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       824.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    824.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98980                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     352                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77494.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348524820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185252925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699984180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1362420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1633502580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24255840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5227047630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        61099200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9386338635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.798393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11622350625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    159239750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126270750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11463129625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348581940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185283285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               703497060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 725580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639106820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24626880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5164595580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       108600000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9380326185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.404582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11608489375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    282825250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3138256750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11326646125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1490566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1490566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            61019                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1065681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  40055                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1065681                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            638631                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          427050                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17353                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     691572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      46598                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142180                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          776                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1256429                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6121                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1281397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4311165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1490566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            678686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29050162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 125902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      8305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56519                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1250308                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     16                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30460627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.284395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.344091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28775836     94.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17426      0.06%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  625711      2.05%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   23518      0.08%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  119955      0.39%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   54747      0.18%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78691      0.26%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20206      0.07%     97.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  744537      2.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30460627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048815                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.141189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  630032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28675833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   798321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               293490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62951                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7075516                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62951                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  714469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27429515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   931381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1311953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6793906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                65348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                984897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                286242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8099579                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18944153                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8880674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            31293                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2866553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5233026                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           287                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1890473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1240069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              66426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4241                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6475318                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3845                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4600713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4086917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8635811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3845                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30460627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.151038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.706269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28555383     93.75%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             760950      2.50%     96.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             405377      1.33%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             273059      0.90%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             283391      0.93%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              75963      0.25%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              66611      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22357      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17536      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30460627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9169     69.03%     69.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  987      7.43%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2833     21.33%     97.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  216      1.63%     99.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               45      0.34%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              32      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16441      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3793160     82.45%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 946      0.02%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8445      0.18%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12478      0.27%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              717554     15.60%     98.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              49706      1.08%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1854      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           129      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4600713                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.150672                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13282                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39649613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10540793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4421011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30150                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25292                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13646                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4582020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15534                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3987                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       787278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1474                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62951                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25602732                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               279751                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6479163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1240069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               66426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1435                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81587                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34571                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               69168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4527239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               691298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            73474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      737875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  536841                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     46577                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148265                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4449283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4434657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3267493                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5140127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635683                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4087759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29884213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.080050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.521547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28843885     96.52%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       482103      1.61%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112772      0.38%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       309396      1.04%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57268      0.19%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29799      0.10%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4795      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3986      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        40209      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29884213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1197459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2392246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        478080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       452791                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    429859                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10058                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2382099                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2997      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1895205     79.22%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            178      0.01%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7182      0.30%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8604      0.36%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         451337     18.87%     98.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25289      1.06%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1454      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2392246                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                40209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36324009                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13537676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          74062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1197459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2392246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.499570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.499570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4482246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3855213                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24250                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12055                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2832119                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1202544                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2389724                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           233724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             290817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           233724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.244275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3068520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3068520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       268473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         268473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       292853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          292853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       292853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         292853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       414937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       414937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       415846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        415846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       415846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       415846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34783723500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34783723500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33823999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33823999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34817547499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34817547499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34817547499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34817547499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       683410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       683410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       708699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       708699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       708699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       708699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.607157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.586774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.586774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.586774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.586774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83828.927042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83828.927042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37210.119912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37210.119912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83727.022742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83727.022742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83727.022742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83727.022742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21501                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1080                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.908333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2233                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2233                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19417141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19417141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32487999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32487999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19449628999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19449628999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19449628999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19449628999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83399.439913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83399.439913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35977.850498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35977.850498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83216.225116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83216.225116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83216.225116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83216.225116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5001232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5001232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1250308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1250308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1250308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1250308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1250308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1250308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1250308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1250308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1250308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196624                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      280832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.428269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.986183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.013817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3933616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3933616                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   661                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                37101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               37101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23897500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23897500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18658669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18658669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18682566500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18682566500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18682566500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18682566500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       232821                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        232821                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           233724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               233724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          233724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              233724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.267996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.843485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.841261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.841261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.841261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.841261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        98750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95012.597960                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95012.597960                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95017.197886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95017.197886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95017.197886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95017.197886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196381                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196381                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21477500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21477500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16694859000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16694859000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16716336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16716336500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16716336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16716336500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.841261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        88750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85012.597960                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85012.597960                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85017.197886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85017.197886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85017.197886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85017.197886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393241                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196623                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12608704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12608704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12608704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196623    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463562000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1062204750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467448                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233727                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          584                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       232821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       701172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                701172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196624                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429754     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    594      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         350586000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
