
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10702408231625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116422084                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217703289                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283969215                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6259324414                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11704615609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10007872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10033728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9962944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9962944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1693549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655508379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657201928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652565628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652565628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652565628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1693549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655508379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309767556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156776                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155671                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156776                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155671                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10033728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9962112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10033664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9962944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267386000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156776                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155671                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.408951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   563.022944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.415353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2088      7.58%      7.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2473      8.98%     16.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2063      7.49%     24.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1520      5.52%     29.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1334      4.85%     34.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1540      5.59%     40.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1229      4.46%     44.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1510      5.49%     49.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13772     50.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077096                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.581913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              10      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           115      1.18%      1.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9405     96.76%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           110      1.13%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             3      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.228634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9675     99.53%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               19      0.20%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2895786000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5835354750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18470.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37220.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143125                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141783                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48863.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98603400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52408950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561696660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406888560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752934000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1510421910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63388800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2086496400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       328046880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1574445480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7435351140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.010123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11710040500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43742750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6359959625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    854252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114646250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4575631500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97939380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52063605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557691120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405672300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744943680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1509300150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63528000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2082355350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       303940800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590537960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7407972345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.216832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11792158750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6433953250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    791493500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115563875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4566712000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1281605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1281605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1271916                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               870                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1271916                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1230839                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41077                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5164                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     414275                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1266343                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          853                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2666                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      63905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          321                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5742612                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1281605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1234885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30402505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1343                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2159                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.641002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28795251     94.41%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   45721      0.15%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   49564      0.16%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  254766      0.84%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   32341      0.11%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11903      0.04%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   11982      0.04%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30306      0.10%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1269230      4.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188068                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  420518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28623837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   664672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               784182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11461674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  687967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283505                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1180016                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28327187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11423855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28033251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14591427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24184547                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13147382                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           448811                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14287760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  303621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4701446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              426005                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1275209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           28528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11355516                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11285457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         195716                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       284906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           713                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.370002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.253741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27444273     89.98%     89.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             501000      1.64%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             524998      1.72%     93.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             358331      1.17%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             321420      1.05%     95.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             987893      3.24%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             137356      0.45%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             196157      0.64%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29636      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  82904     92.90%     92.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  593      0.66%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1074      1.20%     94.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  239      0.27%     95.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4211      4.72%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             222      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5585      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9470181     83.91%     83.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  95      0.00%     83.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  328      0.00%     83.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             124003      1.10%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              348290      3.09%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1214089     10.76%     98.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69082      0.61%     99.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53804      0.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11285457                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.369595                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      89243                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52611526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11252842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10988011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             551759                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            299503                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       270752                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11090776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 278339                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27660                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          689                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  70636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               171923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11356377                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1045                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               426005                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1275209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               171171                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11267868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               414028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1680319                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1251637                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1266291                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.369019                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11262610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11258763                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8238524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11469950                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.368720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.718270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         196002                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.366284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27524229     90.33%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375041      1.23%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       328192      1.08%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1083012      3.55%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        81748      0.27%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       624922      2.05%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        83216      0.27%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        26669      0.09%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       342824      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5531813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11160634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1659129                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       398343                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1243976                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    266221                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11015898                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3229      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9376385     84.01%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     84.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     84.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        121541      1.09%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         332173      2.98%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1207578     10.82%     98.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66170      0.59%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53208      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11160634                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               342824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41483665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22745048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5531813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11160634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.519834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.519834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12896169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8522903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   421886                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  215940                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6241529                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5662903                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4192085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1465139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.366399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6841373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6841373                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       405430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         405430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1106057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1106057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1511487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1511487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1511487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1511487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13964708497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13964708497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14413513997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14413513997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14413513997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14413513997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       410405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       410405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1260832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1260832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1671237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1671237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1671237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1671237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90212.160804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90212.160804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90225.866561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90225.866561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90225.439731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90225.439731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90225.439731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90225.439731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19072                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          292                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.692308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    97.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    177129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13809089998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13809089998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13986219498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13986219498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13986219498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13986219498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122748                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122748                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106320.228091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106320.228091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89226.758148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89226.758148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89408.805843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89408.805843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89408.805843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89408.805843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              15911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.472335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           255496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          255496                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        62800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        62800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           62800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        62800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          62800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     58350500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58350500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     58350500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58350500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     58350500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58350500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65784.103720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65784.103720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65784.103720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65784.103720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65784.103720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65784.103720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65784.759358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65784.759358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65784.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65784.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65784.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65784.759358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157427                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.073007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.006224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.920768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2671883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2671883                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155183                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          741                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              741                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13576655000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13576655000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44504500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44504500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    174189500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    174189500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44504500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13750844500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13795349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44504500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13750844500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13795349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155183                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          741                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          741                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          743                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            743                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545087                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545087                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.980192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87738.496833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87738.496833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109887.654321                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109887.654321                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106668.401715                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106668.401715                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109887.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87936.181438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87992.888033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109887.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87936.181438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87992.888033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155671                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155671                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12029233500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12029233500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40323500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40323500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157859500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157859500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40323500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12187093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12227416500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40323500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12187093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12227416500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77738.860274                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77738.860274                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99810.643564                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99810.643564                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96668.401715                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96668.401715                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99810.643564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77936.542348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77992.910267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99810.643564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77936.542348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77992.910267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155671                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19996672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19996672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19996672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156776    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824583750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314344                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157167                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          129                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            622                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          622                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19942912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20037888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157432                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9963264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313854     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    751      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313096000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1122499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234641997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
