
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3175607578000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63076738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                116795297                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174253639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5526506708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10233092825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12033600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12033664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        58048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           58048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         788192098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             788196290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3802102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3802102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3802102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        788192098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            791998392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188027                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        907                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188027                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      907                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12025792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   57600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12033728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                58048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267307000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188027                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  907                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.893978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.557584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.463356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45189     46.33%     46.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42509     43.59%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8588      8.81%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1093      1.12%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      0.10%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3339.464286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3258.829169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    740.384297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      8.93%      8.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      7.14%     16.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.93%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      8.93%     33.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9     16.07%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            9     16.07%     66.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     10.71%     76.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.36%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      7.14%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.071429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.067446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.374513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               54     96.43%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4637800500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8160981750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  939515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24682.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43432.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       787.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    788.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    90488                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     781                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80807.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                338407440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179871615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               652803060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1556890590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24716640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5231954760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       121020960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9310974105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            609.862071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11789210875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9840500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    315355500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2958432750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11473855375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                357985320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                190243350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               688824360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4698000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1638981420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24192960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183995530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92723040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9386338380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.798376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11609216500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509820125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    241805500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3138565750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367666750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1895885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1895885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            93398                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1467352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  75285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11632                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1467352                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            774564                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          692788                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36315                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     921799                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     107035                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       166871                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1521892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6736                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1566306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5828331                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1895885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            849849                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28767220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 191282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55608                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1515156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30487577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.565252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28291054     92.80%     92.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   36126      0.12%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  698134      2.29%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   48036      0.16%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153990      0.51%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   92502      0.30%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  106261      0.35%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38458      0.13%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1023016      3.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30487577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062090                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  830393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28071380                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1143430                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               346733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 95641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9774232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 95641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  947874                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26776680                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21420                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1290485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1355477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9340611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                80861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1059131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                225032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11100879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25584848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12599096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            80614                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3941053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7159704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           493                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2112630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1578572                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             151962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8748177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6383366                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5478466                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10823283                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30487577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.209376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.862451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28050201     92.01%     92.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             892099      2.93%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             497324      1.63%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             345418      1.13%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             366869      1.20%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             138068      0.45%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             114666      0.38%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              48903      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34029      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30487577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21522     72.82%     72.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2400      8.12%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4832     16.35%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  472      1.60%     98.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              323      1.09%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               5      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29686      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5213947     81.68%     82.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2019      0.03%     82.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                21902      0.34%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              29719      0.47%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              965190     15.12%     98.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             114649      1.80%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6244      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            10      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6383366                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.209053                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      29554                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004630                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43219074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14167384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6071232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              75130                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             67412                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        32448                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6344533                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  38701                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1011799                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          283                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87554                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1112                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 95641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24513659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               263340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8756327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1578572                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              151962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21260                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                53346                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62037                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              109300                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6240627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               921273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           142745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1028290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  718301                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    107017                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.204378                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6133085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6103680                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4512539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7258378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.199893                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621701                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5479143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            95639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29696604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.110375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.643315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28373582     95.54%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       578475      1.95%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       154680      0.52%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       371323      1.25%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        76895      0.26%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44334      0.15%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11619      0.04%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8583      0.03%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        77113      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29696604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1642359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3277753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        631162                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       566754                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    543397                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     25804                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3251662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7783      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2597450     79.24%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            455      0.01%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           18847      0.57%     80.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22056      0.67%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         563006     17.18%     97.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         64408      1.97%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3748      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3277753                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                77113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38376387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18308047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          47112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1642359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3277753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.591970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.591970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.053787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.053787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6651123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5295606                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    57367                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28690                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3746824                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1711628                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3136428                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           263391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             490414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           263391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.861924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4140559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4140559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       433929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         433929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        63373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         63373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       497302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          497302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       497302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         497302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       470955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       470955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       471990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        471990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       471990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       471990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34679933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34679933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71294000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71294000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34751227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34751227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34751227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34751227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       904884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        64408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       969292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       969292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       969292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       969292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.520459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.520459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.486943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.486943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73637.466425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73637.466425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68883.091787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68883.091787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73627.040827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73627.040827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73627.040827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73627.040827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              965                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.224870                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       262370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       263392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       263392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19010250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19010250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69217000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69217000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19079467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19079467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19079467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19079467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015868                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015868                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72455.882913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72455.882913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67727.005871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67727.005871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72437.534170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72437.534170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72437.534170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72437.534170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               7428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 7428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6060625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6060625                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1515155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1515155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1515155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1515155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1515155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1515155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        92000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        92000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        92000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1515156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1515156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1515156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1515156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1515156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1515156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        92000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        92000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188051                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      336591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.789892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.788130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.073594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.138275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4400955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4400955                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2435                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2435                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         74965                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             74965                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                75366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    75366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               75366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   75366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       187405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          187405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63309000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      63309000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17795366000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17795366000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17858675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17858764500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17858675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17858764500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2435                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2435                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       262370                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        262370                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           263392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               263393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          263392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              263393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.607632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.714278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.713864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.713865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.713864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.713865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101946.859903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101946.859903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94956.730077                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94956.730077                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94979.816621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94979.787477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94979.816621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94979.787477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       187405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57099000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57099000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15921326000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921326000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15978425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15978504500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15978425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15978504500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.714278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.713865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.713865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91946.859903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91946.859903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84956.783437                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84956.783437                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84979.869805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84979.840661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84979.869805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84979.840661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        376043                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188025                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             187405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           187109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        187406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       564069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       564069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 564069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12091712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12091712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12091712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188027    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           443282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1018138000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       526785                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263393                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          321                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             46                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           38                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            262370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3342                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          448100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       262370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       790174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                790177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17012864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17012992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188051                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     58048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           451444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 451076     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    360      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             451444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          265828500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         395086500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
