
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10519200102125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              117492808                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                219508555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              289659981                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6192786854                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11569814028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10006592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10027136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9928704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9928704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1345617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655424540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656770157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1345617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1345617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650322932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650322932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650322932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1345617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655424540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307093089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156674                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156674                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10027136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9928064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10027136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9928704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267303000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156674                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    728.475193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.514764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.481428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1914      6.99%      6.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2404      8.78%     15.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2017      7.36%     23.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1626      5.94%     29.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1461      5.33%     34.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1536      5.61%     40.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1496      5.46%     45.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1306      4.77%     50.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13631     49.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.169161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.119555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.602465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             38      0.39%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            90      0.93%      1.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9373     96.74%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           133      1.37%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            35      0.36%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.200363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9658     99.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2894875000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5832512500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18477.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37227.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143176                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141232                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48963.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98189280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52185045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562060800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405959400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1510510830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63719520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2082501840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       314040960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1584495540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7422909375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.195196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11788980750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42117500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6404185000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    817857500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3118636500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4566959625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97389600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51763800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556591560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403798320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         743099760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64350720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068687320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309266880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1597456860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7394924820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.362228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11730030500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44285000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6462788875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    805375500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3103157000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4536725750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1274921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1274921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6020                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1267069                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               716                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1267069                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1234945                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32124                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4221                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346244                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1262188                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          685                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2616                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          263                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             65989                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5585565                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1274921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1238341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1419                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.369293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.629413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28870622     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39520      0.13%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41941      0.14%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224155      0.73%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26584      0.09%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8442      0.03%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8741      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24701      0.08%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1262020      4.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  399698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28687799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   628841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               784085                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6303                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11207672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6303                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  671662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 219938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12109                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1139962                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28456752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11177163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28167790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14252255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23620901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12832882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305946                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14009299                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  242994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               112                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4836564                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1269495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11122249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11065394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         157283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       230331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           626                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.362720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.235142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27498350     90.14%     90.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             472708      1.55%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             535210      1.75%     93.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347768      1.14%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             317171      1.04%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1022587      3.35%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117579      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             170955      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24398      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72352     94.34%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  465      0.61%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   744      0.97%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  181      0.24%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2768      3.61%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             185      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4190      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9365290     84.64%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  79      0.00%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  275      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83309      0.75%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302380      2.73%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1225294     11.07%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46406      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38171      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11065394                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.362388                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76695                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52341060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11074242                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10860229                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             374806                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206210                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183720                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10948834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189065                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21912                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          473                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6303                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               135590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11122985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1269495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               316                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               135091                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7530                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11051037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1608232                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1250706                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1262151                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.361917                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11046945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11043949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8065866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11285315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.361685                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         157540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.359749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.260621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27563773     90.43%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340892      1.12%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323289      1.06%     92.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1108981      3.64%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69786      0.23%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       686724      2.25%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72349      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22069      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293746      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5417684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10965722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1591463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333856                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1244680                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10868728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2241      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9290301     84.72%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81431      0.74%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289659      2.64%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1219923     11.12%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10965722                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               293746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41311125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22272074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5417684                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10965722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.636115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.636115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.177427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.177427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12629439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8384932                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285039                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144880                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6240738                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5569557                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4116325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1453057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.290230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6559859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6559859                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1102485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1102485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1442142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1442142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1442142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1442142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    333140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14009324998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14009324998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14342465498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14342465498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14342465498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14342465498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1257634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1257634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1600863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1600863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1600863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1600863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93264.417693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93264.417693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90295.941308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90295.941308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90362.746568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90362.746568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90362.746568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90362.746568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          228                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.139073                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          114                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13853265998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13853265998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13988663498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13988663498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13988663498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13988663498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106444.575472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106444.575472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89295.831467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89295.831467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89435.292262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89435.292262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89435.292262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89435.292262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             231690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           391.368243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44495500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44495500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44495500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44495500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44495500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61713.592233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61713.592233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61713.592233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61713.592233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61713.592233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61713.592233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36898500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36898500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62014.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62014.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62014.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62014.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157194                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.956862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.079214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16290.963924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2669002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2669002                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155494                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155494                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155117                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155117                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          321                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              321                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               321                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13620303500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13620303500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33139000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33139000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133054500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133054500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13786497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13786497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155494                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155494                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          592                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            592                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542230                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.542230                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.542230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.542230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87806.645951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87806.645951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103236.760125                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103236.760125                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107649.271845                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107649.271845                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103236.760125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87963.505657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87994.798116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103236.760125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87963.505657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87994.798116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155136                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155136                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          321                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1236                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12069143500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12069143500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29929000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29929000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120694500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120694500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12189838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12219767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12189838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12219767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.542230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77806.710419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77806.710419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93236.760125                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93236.760125                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97649.271845                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97649.271845                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93236.760125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77963.569615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77994.861943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93236.760125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77963.569615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77994.861943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313200                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19955776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19955776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19955776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156674    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823936000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314005                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156999                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           96                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            757                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          757                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19961664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20037440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157197                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9928896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313347     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    853      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313088500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            892500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234612499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
