
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8442841301125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114459028                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                213144543                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              293298589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5958040245                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11095009368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12780224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12780224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         837095430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             837095430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1337233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1337233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1337233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        837095430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            838432664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199690                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        319                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      319                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12777856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12780160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267254000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199690                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  319                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.525368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.938485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.188802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40122     41.24%     41.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45312     46.58%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10249     10.53%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1430      1.47%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          150      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10020.850000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9851.868839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1915.516483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2     10.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2     10.00%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.00%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     15.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4812557500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8556070000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  998270000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24104.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42854.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       836.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    837.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102391                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     280                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76332.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346547040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184167555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               711094020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  99180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1642232130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24479040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5149425600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       118890240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9381629205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.489929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11602045750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    309435000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3145425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11293314125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348196380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185040405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               714442680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1571220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1649762970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24405120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5191047000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        77479680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9396639855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.473116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11586402250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509856250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    201767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3161668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11384679875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1457496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1457496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1134016                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  31149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1134016                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            633898                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          500118                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17000                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     646977                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      37992                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135806                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          743                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1230242                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2756                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1254832                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4150280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1457496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            665047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29165637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 112332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        25246                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1227486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5572                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.273089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.316398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28866678     94.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23730      0.08%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  624881      2.05%     96.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18618      0.06%     96.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  116433      0.38%     97.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   45717      0.15%     97.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74111      0.24%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17933      0.06%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  717097      2.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  602896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28788876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   771339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               285921                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 56166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6814241                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 56166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  682781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27700104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   903471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1148082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6552638                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                43779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                955136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                139973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7823518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18333986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8501641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            28418                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2726317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5097174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               269                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           323                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1828590                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1198679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6248986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3426                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4376935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3977038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8637653                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.685210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28676252     94.00%     94.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             741141      2.43%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             386162      1.27%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             253666      0.83%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             281608      0.92%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72125      0.24%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              59700      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19137      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15407      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7568     67.12%     67.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  795      7.05%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2552     22.63%     96.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  179      1.59%     98.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               93      0.82%     99.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              89      0.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12084      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3632091     82.98%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 888      0.02%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7041      0.16%     83.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10243      0.23%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              671663     15.35%     99.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              40667      0.93%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1880      0.04%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           378      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4376935                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143343                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11276                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002576                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39248007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10204554                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4212650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26324                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24896                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11207                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4362618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13509                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3085                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       765146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        36371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1256                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 56166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26208506                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               235364                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6252412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1198679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                36797                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30516                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               61310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4310337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               646809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            66601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      684788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  511335                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     37979                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.141162                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4235524                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4223857                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3131993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4877261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.138330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.642162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3977463                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            56166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29954347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.503051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28952708     96.66%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       468136      1.56%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106812      0.36%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       300494      1.00%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55541      0.19%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26701      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5954      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3289      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34712      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29954347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1137648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2275354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        453349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       433529                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    413763                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7858                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2267325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2423      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1806798     79.41%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            140      0.01%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5912      0.26%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6732      0.30%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         432403     19.00%     99.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19820      0.87%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1126      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2275354                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36172452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13057674                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29490                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1137648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2275354                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.840190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.840190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4136201                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3678772                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19994                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9872                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2685053                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1128076                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2294344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             253611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.121567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2866594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2866594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       234677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         234677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       253700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          253700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       253700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         253700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       405621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       405621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       406418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        406418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       406418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       406418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35119221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35119221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35147145500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35147145500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35147145500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35147145500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       640298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       660118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       660118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       660118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       660118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.633488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.633488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.615675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.615675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86581.369061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86581.369061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35036.386449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35036.386449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86480.287536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86480.287536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86480.287536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86480.287536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.528395                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19476187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19476187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26942000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26942000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19503129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19503129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19503129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19503129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86434.828339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86434.828339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33931.989924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33931.989924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86250.470985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86250.470985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86250.470985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86250.470985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4909944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4909944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1227486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1227486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1227486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1227486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1227486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1227486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1227486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1227486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1227486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1227486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1227486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1227486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199694                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      250915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.256497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.990158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.009842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3815030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3815030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2007                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   601                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25830                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25830                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                26431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    26431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               26431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   26431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19143000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19143000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18842458500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18842458500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18861601500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18861601500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18861601500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18861601500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2007                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        225326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.243073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.885366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.883111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.883111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99186.528497                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99186.528497                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94450.307274                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94450.307274                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94454.884846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94454.884846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94454.884846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94454.884846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17213000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17213000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16847478500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16847478500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16864691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16864691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16864691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16864691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.883111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.883111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89186.528497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89186.528497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84450.207022                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84450.207022                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84454.784690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84454.784690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84454.784690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84454.784690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399375                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199691                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       599066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 599066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12800640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12800640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12800640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199690    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1077879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       452242                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            225328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          423490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       225326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       678364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                678364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14600256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14600256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199694                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           425814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425234     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    580      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             425814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          228128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
