
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3832103375375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              131646305                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                243983285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              359435710                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5591788946                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10363400125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12204928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12204928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        42048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           42048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         799413958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             799413958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2754114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2754114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2754114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        799413958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            802168072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190701                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190701                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12199488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   42112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12204864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                42048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     84                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267319500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190701                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.345266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.807366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.809674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44154     45.21%     45.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43354     44.39%     89.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8832      9.04%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1151      1.18%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           41                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4707.463415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4607.325127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    978.258889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.44%      2.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      7.32%      9.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      4.88%     14.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      4.88%     19.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      9.76%     29.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      9.76%     39.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      7.32%     46.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      4.88%     51.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            6     14.63%     65.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.88%     70.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            7     17.07%     87.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.44%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.44%     92.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      4.88%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            41                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           41                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.048780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.046030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.312348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               40     97.56%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            41                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4687803500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8261872250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  953085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24592.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43342.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       799.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    799.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     577                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79784.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344355060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183029055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               672830760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  99180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1603448190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24627360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5201654130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107420640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9342773415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.944903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11687490000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9694250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    279570250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3060294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11407925625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352930200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187594440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               688181760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3335580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639597020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24564000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5166141420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       106948320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9374601780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.029638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11606133000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278152250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11328283875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1269916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1269916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            51067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              929071                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  40865                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5594                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         929071                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            546659                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          382412                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18830                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     665764                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66568                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149857                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          958                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1070577                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1095398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3815619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1269916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            587524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29332806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 103468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        19863                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1068346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7271                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.251360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.264257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29015403     95.13%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17868      0.06%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  523939      1.72%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   30522      0.10%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112079      0.37%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   53492      0.18%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86831      0.28%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21157      0.07%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  640598      2.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.124960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  527038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28946922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   686753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               289442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 51734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6486095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 51734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  613770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27837125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   820178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1168412                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6241845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                50688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                995352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                106286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7464220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17285480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8317694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            50871                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3244088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4220131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1842127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1070685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              91167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4719                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5923346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4473561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7275                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3239774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6622395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4373                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.146665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.700781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28632467     93.87%     93.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             771496      2.53%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             400683      1.31%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             273530      0.90%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             225627      0.74%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              79821      0.26%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              69629      0.23%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              28366      0.09%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              20270      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13906     71.82%     71.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1491      7.70%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3380     17.46%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  326      1.68%     98.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              254      1.31%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15183      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3660249     81.82%     82.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1328      0.03%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14603      0.33%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19036      0.43%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              687923     15.38%     98.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              70859      1.58%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4366      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4473561                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.146508                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19363                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004328                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39426841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9125395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4302670                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48808                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             42106                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21129                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4452574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25167                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       595756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          159                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        48065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           59                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1025                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 51734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26199023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               234351                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5927719                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1070685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               91167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1580                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                29577                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         27401                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               58724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4399866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               665412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            73695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      731967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  554216                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66555                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.144094                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4338612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4323799                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3085357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5143435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.141603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.599863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3240134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            51728                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30045756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.562943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28908195     96.21%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       505439      1.68%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       141416      0.47%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       345859      1.15%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47347      0.16%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29473      0.10%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6634      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5604      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        55789      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30045756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1348815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2687945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        518031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       474929                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    459120                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     17512                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2670294                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5307      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2136381     79.48%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            305      0.01%     79.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           12993      0.48%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14928      0.56%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         472345     17.57%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         43102      1.60%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2584      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2687945                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                55789                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35918046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12313936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1348815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2687945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.638159                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.638159                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4765939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3715114                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    37044                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18530                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2982017                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1297087                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2258878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           236652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             286249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           236652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.209578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3025000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3025000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       244404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         244404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        42115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       286519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          286519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       286519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         286519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          987                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33126584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33126584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52839498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52839498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33179423498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33179423498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33179423498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33179423498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       653985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       653985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        43102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       697087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       697087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       697087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       697087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.626285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.626285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.588977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.588977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80879.200939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80879.200939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53535.458967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53535.458967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80813.466948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80813.466948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80813.466948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80813.466948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.289174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       173912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       173912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       173916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       173916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       173916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       173916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       235669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       236652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       236652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18920319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18920319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51589498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51589498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18971908498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18971908498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18971908498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18971908498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80283.444153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80283.444153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52481.686673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52481.686673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80167.961809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80167.961809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80167.961809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80167.961809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4273384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4273384                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1068346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1068346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1068346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1068346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1068346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1068346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1068346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1068346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1068346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190707                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      281783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.477570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.902331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.097669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3974691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3974691                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         45392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             45392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                45951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               45951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44005000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      44005000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18061902000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18061902000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18105907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18105907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18105907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18105907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           983                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               983                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       235669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        235669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           236652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               236652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          236652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              236652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.431333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.431333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.807391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.805829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.805829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.805829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.805829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103785.377358                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103785.377358                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94924.252537                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94924.252537                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94943.954148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94943.954148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94943.954148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94943.954148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190277                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190277                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39765000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39765000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16159132000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16159132000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16198897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16198897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16198897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16198897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.431333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.805829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.805829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93785.377358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93785.377358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84924.252537                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84924.252537                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84943.954148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84943.954148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84943.954148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84943.954148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        381394                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190701                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       572095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       572095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 572095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12246912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12246912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12246912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190701    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           452599500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1032091250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       473304                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       236652                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            235669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       235669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       709956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                709956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15292416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15292416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190707                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     42048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426822     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    535      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          238944000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         354978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
