
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2137428177500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               14713235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 26641227                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46719636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   326.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4808085741                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8705991666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         894144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             903040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          8896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       871360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          871360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           13971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            582682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          58565785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59148467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       582682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           582682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57073450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57073450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57073450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           582682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         58565785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            116221917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14110                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 903040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  870656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  903040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               871360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   13398185000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14110                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   13815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    340.281604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.983615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   322.712654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1807     34.66%     34.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          796     15.27%     49.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          516      9.90%     59.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1072     20.56%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      2.23%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           82      1.57%     84.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           91      1.75%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           93      1.78%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          640     12.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.960510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.390584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      8.483761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7               3      0.38%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             31      3.95%      4.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           743     94.65%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             1      0.13%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             1      0.13%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             1      0.13%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             1      0.13%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.13%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.329936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.299884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.019921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              272     34.65%     34.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.51%     35.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              498     63.44%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.76%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.38%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.13%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    332134250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               596696750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   70550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23538.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42288.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        57.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10917                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     483252.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 17785740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9453345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                47802300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               35240220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         786739200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            494980020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             40023360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2273542470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       849241920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1771642920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6326582895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            414.386605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12223490625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66471000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     334126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6879944750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2211582875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     789207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4986012500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19427940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10329990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                52943100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               35772660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         840827520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            525484140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             40548000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2589009540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       854786880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1579132440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6548297130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            428.908727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11920792625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     356940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6105639000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2225962750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     834887500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5677631875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5634517                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5634517                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            94410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4243621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 635490                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               834                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4243621                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2910717                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1332904                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2754                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9345216                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2219859                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          538                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          218                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6275163                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6331217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      48420895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5634517                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3546207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24093926                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 189246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  78                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          471                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6275082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                38504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30520315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.757742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.395514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16238480     53.21%     53.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  835179      2.74%     55.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1643058      5.38%     61.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  746124      2.44%     63.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  963065      3.16%     66.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1528484      5.01%     71.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  625839      2.05%     73.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  962911      3.15%     77.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6977175     22.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30520315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.184528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.585767                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3796284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15681284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6291583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4656541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 94623                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              81241947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 94623                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5657425                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                4827301                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          3087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8968473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10969406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              80765772                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               656606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               8868262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                472587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           88410615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            192877820                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        65320546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75581629                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             78349478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10061076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                74                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 25365103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9808560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2224919                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           445457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          187419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  80203546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                645                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 75703805                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1243                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8487219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12182571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           593                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30520315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.480440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.029986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5765013     18.89%     18.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5576437     18.27%     37.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5911352     19.37%     56.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4913126     16.10%     72.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3134369     10.27%     82.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2304317      7.55%     90.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1518142      4.97%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             783099      2.57%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             614460      2.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30520315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  60514     31.73%     31.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               110437     57.91%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2299      1.21%     90.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  158      0.08%     90.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            17195      9.02%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              87      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            23549      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             40774958     53.86%     53.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1071      0.00%     53.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   77      0.00%     53.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           23364940     30.86%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2166508      2.86%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1531790      2.02%     89.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        7153665      9.45%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        687247      0.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              75703805                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.479272                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     190690                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002519                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         105505077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         40884608                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37396042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           76614781                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          47806964                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38105394                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              37491121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               38379825                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          375490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1116436                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           10                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 94623                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2392251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               323985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           80204191                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9808560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2224919                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 68558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               246272                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           168                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         53360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               96489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             75512986                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9315360                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           190819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11533170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5167343                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2217810                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.473023                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      75506810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     75501436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 57047864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 99412939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.472645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.573847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8487249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            94484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29427405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.437080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.962071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10570454     35.92%     35.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7305025     24.82%     60.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971201      3.30%     64.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2983713     10.14%     74.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1228213      4.17%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       319224      1.08%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       465996      1.58%     81.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       455215      1.55%     82.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5128364     17.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29427405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            40846722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              71716931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10899208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8692123                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5075031                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  35682243                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 45514186                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              552658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        22079      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        38649587     53.89%     53.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1053      0.00%     53.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              37      0.00%     53.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      22144967     30.88%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2147519      2.99%     87.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1521267      2.12%     89.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6544604      9.13%     99.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       685818      0.96%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         71716931                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5128364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   104503221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  161501635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            133                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          14374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   40846722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     71716931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.747543                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.747543                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.337715                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.337715                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                61875415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               32054359                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 67384031                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                34163297                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 23889919                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                16002317                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               25646315                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          270906641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         18095.427226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         44728647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        44728647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8957568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8957568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2204673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2204673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11162241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11162241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11162241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11162241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        11724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         4454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        16178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         16178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        16178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        16178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1092188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1092188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    364144499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    364144499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1456332499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1456332499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1456332499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1456332499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8969292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8969292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2209127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2209127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11178419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11178419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11178419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11178419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93158.307745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93158.307745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81756.735294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81756.735294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90019.316294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90019.316294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90019.316294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90019.316294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.517241                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    972658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    972658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    359614999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359614999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1332273499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332273499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1332273499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332273499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92475.613234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92475.613234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80757.915787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80757.915787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88990.281144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88990.281144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88990.281144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88990.281144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.356530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           86281895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         280136.022727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.356530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25100638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25100638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6274707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6274707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6274707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6274707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6274707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6274707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6275082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6275082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6275082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6275082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6275082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6275082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63205.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63205.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63205.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63205.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63205.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63205.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63638.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63638.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63638.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63638.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63638.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63638.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14325                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.020357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.988013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16303.991630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    258797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   258797                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13995                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13995                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            171                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                171                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              139                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              13971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             13971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    347412500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     347412500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17460000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     17460000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    951860000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    951860000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17460000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1299272500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1316732500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1299272500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1316732500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13995                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13995                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          4453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              4453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            310                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10518                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10518                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                15281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               15281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.882102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448387                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.448387                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.954839                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.954839                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.448387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.933204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.923369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.448387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.933204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.923369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88445.137475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88445.137475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 125611.510791                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125611.510791                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94778.452654                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94778.452654                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 125611.510791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92997.816906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.099929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 125611.510791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92997.816906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.099929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13615                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13615                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          215                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           215                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10043                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10043                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         13971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    308132500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308132500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16070000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16070000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    851430000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    851430000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1159562500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175632500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1159562500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175632500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.954839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.923369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.923369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78445.137475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78445.137475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115611.510791                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115611.510791                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84778.452654                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84778.452654                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115611.510791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82997.816906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83319.099929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115611.510791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82997.816906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83319.099929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28650                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14540                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1774400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1774400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1774400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14110    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            85964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           74900500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        30560                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15282                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 45841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1853824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1893376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14325                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    871360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            29606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  29589     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     17      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              29606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           29583000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          22456500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
