
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4366460419750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              121754856                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                225797815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              329633289                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5639213693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10458082982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12364864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12364864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        35456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         809889651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             809889651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2322342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2322342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2322342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        809889651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            812211993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193201                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12359552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12364864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     83                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267321500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193201                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  554                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.353615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.401371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.804042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42861     44.04%     44.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43678     44.88%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9367      9.62%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1266      1.30%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5592.571429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5496.030922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1036.089545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      5.71%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      8.57%     17.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      8.57%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      8.57%     34.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      8.57%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      5.71%     48.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            6     17.14%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            4     11.43%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.86%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.86%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      5.71%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            2      5.71%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               35    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4731861000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8352823500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  965590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24502.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43252.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       809.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    809.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95850                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78797.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344155140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182922795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               681734340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 245340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1605334890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24473280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5207673330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       100916640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9352764795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.599331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11683425625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9455000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    262975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3064249500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11420804625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350788200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186440760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697128180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2677860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1634351310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24657120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5175481440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103299360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     619440.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9380752710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.432519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11619017125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       279500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    269021250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11349767375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1670684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1670684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1340502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  56551                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8573                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1340502                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            693643                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          646859                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26998                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     794579                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66755                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154023                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1220                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1355192                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5284                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1390362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4971194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1670684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            750194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28970491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 154864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        45569                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1349908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30488588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.328744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.446612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28580513     93.74%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26614      0.09%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  652294      2.14%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32234      0.11%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  137487      0.45%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   74227      0.24%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89737      0.29%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28314      0.09%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  867168      2.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30488588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.162805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  707511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28440797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   945889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               316959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 77432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8246506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 77432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  808364                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27171700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1083009                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1333124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7890240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                78415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1020873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                259900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9394735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21794608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10464538                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48472                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3257715                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6137081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           358                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1991973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1389788                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              96393                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5593                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7442591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5125                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5354451                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4733108                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9606041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30488588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.175621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.775037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28350860     92.99%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             824657      2.70%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             444659      1.46%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             303056      0.99%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             317660      1.04%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             104680      0.34%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              86916      0.29%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33028      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23072      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30488588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13698     69.87%     69.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1438      7.33%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3975     20.27%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  329      1.68%     99.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              126      0.64%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              40      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20935      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4395334     82.09%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1339      0.03%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12994      0.24%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18210      0.34%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              830826     15.52%     98.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71462      1.33%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3184      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           167      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5354451                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.175356                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19606                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41178960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12140049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5113123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              45017                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             40778                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19986                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5329944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23178                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       893565                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          167                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        58323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1282                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 77432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25072886                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               274001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7447716                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1389788                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               96393                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19566                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                70675                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38870                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        47651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               86521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5247233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               794249                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           107219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      860991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  616133                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66742                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.171845                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5154414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5133109                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3795012                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6027148                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.168107                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629653                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4733869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            77430                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29810192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.091064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.567231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28662209     96.15%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       520517      1.75%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128377      0.43%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       335112      1.12%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64183      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34246      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7511      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5281      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52756      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29810192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1359515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2714650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        534302                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       496232                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    473775                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15188                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2699319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4551      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2151577     79.26%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            268      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10968      0.40%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12984      0.48%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         494028     18.20%     98.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38070      1.40%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2204      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2714650                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37205955                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15577555                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          46100                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1359515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2714650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.459986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.459986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5363966                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4460028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    35421                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17642                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3220140                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1421170                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2714056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           247208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             380999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           247208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.541208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3531240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3531240                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       340741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         340741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        37045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       377786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          377786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       377786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         377786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       442197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       442197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       443222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        443222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       443222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       443222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34902212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34902212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48194999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48194999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34950406999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34950406999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34950406999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34950406999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       782938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       782938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38070                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38070                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       821008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       821008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       821008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       821008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.539851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.539851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78929.101735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78929.101735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47019.511220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47019.511220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78855.307270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78855.307270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78855.307270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78855.307270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              926                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.730022                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19242816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19242816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46618499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46618499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19289434499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19289434499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19289434499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19289434499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78162.459889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78162.459889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45794.203340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45794.203340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78029.167741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78029.167741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78029.167741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78029.167741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5399632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5399632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1349908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1349908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1349908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1349908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1349908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1349908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1349908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1349908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1349908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1349908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1349908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1349908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193211                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      289241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.497021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.903507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.096493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4146083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4146083                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                54007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               54007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192835                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192835                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37960000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37960000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18283177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18283177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18321137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18321137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18321137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18321137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       246191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        246191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           247209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               247209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          247209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              247209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.360511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783274                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.783274                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.781533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.781533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.781533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.781533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103433.242507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103433.242507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94812.544403                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94812.544403                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94828.919990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94828.919990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94828.919990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94828.919990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192835                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192835                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34290000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34290000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16354837000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16354837000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16389127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16389127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16389127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16389127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.781533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.781533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93433.242507                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93433.242507                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84812.596261                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84812.596261                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84828.971750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84828.971750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84828.971750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84828.971750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386400                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193202                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       579601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       579601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12400320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12400320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12400320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193201    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455612000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1044623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       494417                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       247207                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          565                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            246190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          437482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       246191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       741625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                741625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15973824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15973824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193211                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           440420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 439843     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    576      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             440420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          249591500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         370812000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
