
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3740499310625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              117351997                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217466511                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              320887091                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5583436437                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10346740652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12312640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12312640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        42688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           42688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           667                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                667                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         806469016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             806469016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2796033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2796033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2796033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        806469016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            809265050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        667                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      667                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12307136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   43264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12312704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                42688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     87                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267319500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  667                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.447782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.709356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.239401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43457     44.49%     44.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43724     44.76%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9152      9.37%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1187      1.22%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          118      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4680.642857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4576.762110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1020.761620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.38%      2.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.38%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5     11.90%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      4.76%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      9.52%     30.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     11.90%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      7.14%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5     11.90%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4      9.52%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      9.52%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.38%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.38%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      7.14%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.38%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.095238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.431081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               40     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4714281500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8319887750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  961495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24515.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43265.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       806.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    806.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     594                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79083.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347225340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184569825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               683969160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1184940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1613777160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24229440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5187461700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       111071520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9358798125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.994510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11665127250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289607875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3082621250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11375571000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350152740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186114390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               689052840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2343780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1629085650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24535200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5178571410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105360960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9370526010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.762678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11629856250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274028500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3118021875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11355827750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1667610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1667610                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1340244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  55218                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8357                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1340244                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            697668                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          642576                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28065                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     792899                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      75543                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154431                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1345                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1357033                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5542                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1391288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4986640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1667610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            752886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28978435                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 154252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        45381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1351491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30495398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.329307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.447932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28582036     93.73%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31842      0.10%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  648753      2.13%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35060      0.11%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  136723      0.45%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   71493      0.23%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   91452      0.30%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29548      0.10%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  868491      2.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30495398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054614                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.163311                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  715789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28425767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   957941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               318775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 77126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8332706                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 77126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  817041                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27230102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1097415                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1256070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7982566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                60666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1017084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                175846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9502444                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22001801                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10616085                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            54565                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3422321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6080124                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           355                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1983438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1379273                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             109592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7524624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6341                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5446319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4681252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9547048                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6341                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30495398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.178595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.785069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28335400     92.92%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             831287      2.73%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             445952      1.46%     97.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             303572      1.00%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319610      1.05%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             109028      0.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              89793      0.29%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              35974      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24782      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30495398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15883     72.12%     72.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1641      7.45%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3870     17.57%     97.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  365      1.66%     98.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              202      0.92%     99.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              61      0.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22094      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4473687     82.14%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1785      0.03%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                15324      0.28%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20569      0.38%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              827592     15.20%     98.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              80880      1.49%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4195      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           193      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5446319                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.178365                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      22022                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004043                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41365618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12166461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5201149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              52128                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             45762                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22829                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5419374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  26873                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7189                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       870613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          199                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        64147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           64                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 77126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25313684                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               251498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7530965                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1379273                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              109592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2292                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                46058                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               86841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5337017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               792487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           109302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      868015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  627639                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     75528                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.174785                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5245839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5223978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3853388                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6153977                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.171083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4681953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            77121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29829292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.095534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.587936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28645077     96.03%     96.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       528995      1.77%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135060      0.45%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       343380      1.15%     99.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65035      0.22%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        36197      0.12%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9434      0.03%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6183      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        59931      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29829292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1426754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2849713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        554105                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       508660                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    488195                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     18264                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2831317                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5460      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2261054     79.34%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            321      0.01%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13173      0.46%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15600      0.55%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         505996     17.76%     98.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         45445      1.59%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2664      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2849713                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                59931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37301027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15731725                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          39290                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1426754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2849713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.401509                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.401509                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.046726                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.046726                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5517261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4532987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    40171                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   20022                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3279891                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1454163                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2735383                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           246300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             382225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           246300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.551868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3548964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3548964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       340761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         340761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        44368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         44368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       385129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          385129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       385129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         385129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       439460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       439460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       440537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        440537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       440537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       440537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34681689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34681689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53467000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53467000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34735156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34735156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34735156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34735156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       780221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       780221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        45445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        45445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       825666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       825666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       825666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       825666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.563251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023699                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023699                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.533554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.533554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78918.875438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78918.875438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49644.382544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49644.382544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78847.306810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78847.306810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78847.306810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78847.306810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              843                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.444840                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       245236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19159733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19159733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51385500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51385500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19211118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19211118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19211118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19211118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78127.734101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78127.734101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48249.295775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48249.295775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77998.540404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77998.540404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77998.540404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77998.540404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5405964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5405964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1351491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1351491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1351491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1351491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1351491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1351491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1351491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1351491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1351491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1351491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1351491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1351491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192396                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      292964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.522714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.856077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.143923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4130932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4130932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2384                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2384                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42854500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      42854500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18202727000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18202727000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18245581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18245581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18245581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18245581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2384                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2384                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1065                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1065                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       245236                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        245236                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           246301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               246301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          246301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              246301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.405634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.405634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.782732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.782732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.781101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.781101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.781101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.781101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99200.231481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99200.231481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94828.589141                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94828.589141                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94838.405601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94838.405601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94838.405601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94838.405601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  667                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       667                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            432                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38534500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38534500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16283197000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16283197000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16321731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16321731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16321731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16321731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.405634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.782732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.782732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.781101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.781101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89200.231481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89200.231481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84828.641237                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84828.641237                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84838.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84838.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84838.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84838.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        384767                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192385                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       577152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       577152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 577152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12355328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12355328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12355328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192386    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           453768500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1040682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       492601                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       246301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            245235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          435645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       245236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       738901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                738901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15915776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15915776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192396                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     42688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           438697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 438134     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    562      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             438697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          248684500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         369450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
