
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10931418393500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               62646188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                117303610                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              150406243                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   101.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6359048299                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11907180507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       25756736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25756864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23052992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23052992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          402449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              402451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        360203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             360203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1687047583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1687055967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1509954306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1509954306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1509954306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1687047583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3197010272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      402454                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     360203                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    402454                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   360203                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               25755904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23052928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25757056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23052992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             25468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             24907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             25041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             25064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             25344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             25364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             24730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             24853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             25093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             24794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            25042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            25065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            25388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            25362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            25647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            25274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             22799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             22429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             22204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            22455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            22455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            22711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            22889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267497500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                402454                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               360203                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  118548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   90344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   51079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  18872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  23212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  23621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  24029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  24310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  24334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  24621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  24879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  24726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  32323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  24152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       388083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.767570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.970663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.952676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       290276     74.80%     74.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47946     12.35%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21765      5.61%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10296      2.65%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6637      1.71%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4581      1.18%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1869      0.48%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1131      0.29%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3582      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       388083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.881365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.741020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.272262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9                 2      0.01%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10                3      0.01%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                7      0.03%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12               13      0.06%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13              161      0.72%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14              639      2.84%      3.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15             2022      8.98%     12.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16             4000     17.77%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17             3946     17.53%     47.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18             3604     16.01%     63.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19             3052     13.56%     77.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20             2227      9.90%     87.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21             1307      5.81%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              775      3.44%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23              390      1.73%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24              199      0.88%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               89      0.40%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               34      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27               17      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28               13      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                4      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.004754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.098984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            22439     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               36      0.16%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               23      0.10%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  16251680500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             23797355500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2012180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     40382.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.96                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                59132.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1686.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1509.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1687.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1509.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        24.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    13.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   11.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   305476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   69070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                19.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      20018.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1383803400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                735489975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1433504940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              937887840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1132166880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4422031500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             35823840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1884887970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107964960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        264803520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            12338364825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            808.153974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5476674625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     17111250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     479034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1061926375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    281047250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9294524250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4133701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1387166340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                737266035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1439888100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              942345720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1131552240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4437440310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             35048160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1878383700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104140320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        262426080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            12355657005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            809.286599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           5444968500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     15546750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     478833875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1054325000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9327995000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4119481500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1077028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1077028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              787001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                     82                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         787001                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            363831                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          423170                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          160                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2390982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     894354                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85007                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     560829                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            561151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4939857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1077028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            363913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29972233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   560829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   95                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.288294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.359399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28980561     94.91%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   84540      0.28%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  117559      0.39%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  153941      0.50%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  249566      0.82%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   83261      0.27%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  128808      0.42%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   51317      0.17%     97.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  684326      2.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  266928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29154444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   442527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               669580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8794329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  514812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21985295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2775                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   799104                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7231493                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8792078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2714048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               5834178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10257683                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23969283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13267131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             10230173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   27442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 8                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             8                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4010101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1661139                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             895377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           428182                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          136421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8789052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 27                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9513452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          21055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        31852                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.311570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.077588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27034734     88.54%     88.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1307659      4.28%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             680080      2.23%     95.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             493744      1.62%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             370733      1.21%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             288225      0.94%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             146574      0.48%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             136140      0.45%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              75990      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   4787      1.77%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                143607     53.24%     55.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               121364     44.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              146      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6227624     65.46%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2391206     25.13%     90.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             894476      9.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9513452                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.311562                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     269758                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028355                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          49830714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8810178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8780379                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9783064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          154538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2586                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       841190                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16900720                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4110243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8789079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1661139                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              895377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                15                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 90858                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3937367                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9512610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2390982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3285336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1074075                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    894354                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.311535                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8780546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8780379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6151605                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11265817                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.287554                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.546042                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          21067                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30530852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.287184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.326131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28628480     93.77%     93.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       361730      1.18%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       228341      0.75%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404309      1.32%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68020      0.22%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21916      0.07%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        73377      0.24%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        42723      0.14%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       701956      2.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30530852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4920645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8767970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2550530                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1657743                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1073201                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8767955                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           13      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6217427     70.91%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1657743     18.91%     89.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        892787     10.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8767970                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               701956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38617933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17581168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              5                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            810                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4920645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8767970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.205424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.205424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.161149                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.161149                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                14708144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6811921                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5983122                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3431058                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5434826                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           438758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1309720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           438758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.985062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10029366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10029366                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       645979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         645979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       892779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        892779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1538758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1538758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1538758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1538758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       858886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       858886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       858894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        858894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       858894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       858894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77918439500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77918439500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       975499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       975499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77919414999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77919414999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77919414999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77919414999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1504865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1504865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       892787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       892787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2397652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2397652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2397652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2397652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.570740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.358223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.358223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90720.351129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90720.351129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 121937.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121937.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90720.641894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90720.641894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90720.641894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90720.641894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     14557576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           237647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.257142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       393983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           393983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       420133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       420133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       420133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       420133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       420133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       420133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       438753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       438753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       438761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       438761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       438761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       438761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45646266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45646266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       967499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       967499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45647233999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45647233999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45647233999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45647233999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.182996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104036.363284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104036.363284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120937.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120937.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104036.671443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104036.671443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104036.671443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104036.671443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               6577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3288.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2243318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2243318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       560827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         560827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       560827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          560827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       560827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         560827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       560829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       560829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       560829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       560829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       560829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       560829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       240500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       240500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       240500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       240500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       240500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       240500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    402453                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      471123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    402453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.170629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.062988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.053104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.883909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7422565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7422565                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       393983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           393983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       402445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          402445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             402452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 402454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            402452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                402454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       943500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        943500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       476000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       476000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44534654000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  44534654000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44535597500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      44536073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44535597500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     44536073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       393983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       393983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       438753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        438753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           438761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               438763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          438761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              438763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917247                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.917247                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.917247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.917247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.917247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.917247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 134785.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134785.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       238000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       238000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110660.224378                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110660.224378                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       238000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110660.644002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110661.276817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       238000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110660.644002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110661.276817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               360203                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    360203                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       402445                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       402445                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        402452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            402454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       402452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           402454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       873500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       873500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       456000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40510234000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40510234000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40511107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40511563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40511107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40511563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.917247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.917247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124785.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124785.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       228000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       228000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100660.298923                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100660.298923                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       228000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100660.718545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100661.351359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       228000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100660.718545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100661.351359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        804905                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       402451                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             402444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       360203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            42248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        402447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1207356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1207356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1207356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     48809856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     48809856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48809856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            402454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  402454    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              402454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          2308594500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              15.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2107811000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       877523                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       438760                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            438752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       754186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           87025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       438753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1316277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1316283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53295424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               53295680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          402453                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  23052992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           841216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 841196    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     20      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             841216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          832746500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         658137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
