
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5771056079250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              104944165                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                194922672                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              278417488                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5754732380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10688807888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12402432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12402432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           431                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                431                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812350328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812350328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1806732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1806732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1806732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812350328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            814157060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193789                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        431                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      431                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12399232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12402496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267582000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193789                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  431                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.538232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.400660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.090176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41826     43.27%     43.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43828     45.34%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9597      9.93%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1256      1.30%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7132.518519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6948.560140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1668.157721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      7.41%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     11.11%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      7.41%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     14.81%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      7.41%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.70%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     14.81%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.41%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      7.41%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4710531250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8343118750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  968690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24313.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43063.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     373                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78609.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343576800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182604015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               686054040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1378080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1615635930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24660960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5176379760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       117603360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1054440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9354256425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.697032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11660733625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      2092750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    306464750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3086808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11352176125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346675560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184266225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697235280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 876960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1631171850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24768960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183493930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98340960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1657080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9375025125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.057366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11625939875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2302750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    256160500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3120372500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367878125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1541776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1541776                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            68923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1239087                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  52802                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8390                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1239087                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            639930                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          599157                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22843                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     755705                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      52940                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149349                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          907                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1231925                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1263699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4575099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1541776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            692732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29078689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 141674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52565                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1226264                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30469675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.303407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.390423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28709970     94.22%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20801      0.07%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  598291      1.96%     96.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   29322      0.10%     96.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  124751      0.41%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   84215      0.28%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86329      0.28%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26644      0.09%     97.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  789352      2.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30469675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050493                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.149833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  636542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28615514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   839009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               307773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 70837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7556109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 70837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  733454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27248732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   973318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1429944                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7228655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               115906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1029230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                363295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8628080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19984757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9562877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            39336                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3020685                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5607270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               251                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1973274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1284926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              78156                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5341                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6840858                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4975440                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4331441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8589685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5171                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30469675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.163292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.740622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28434856     93.32%     93.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             811298      2.66%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             427497      1.40%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             290057      0.95%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             284724      0.93%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              94954      0.31%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              78488      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              28025      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19776      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30469675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11917     65.14%     65.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1095      5.99%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4829     26.40%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  269      1.47%     98.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              174      0.95%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18669      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4082018     82.04%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 972      0.02%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9911      0.20%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              14190      0.29%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              789708     15.87%     98.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              56974      1.15%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2964      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            34      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4975440                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.162944                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18294                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40410410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11143440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4761637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              35803                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             34034                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15483                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4956596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18469                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       815602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          141                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1167                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 70837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24953747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               297608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6846029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1284926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               78156                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                96180                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               78962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4879802                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               755387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            95638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      808315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  588196                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     52928                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.159812                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4795429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4777120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3498985                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5593508                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.156449                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625544                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4332585                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            70836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29849033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.084240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.535896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28758514     96.35%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       500638      1.68%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123461      0.41%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       327052      1.10%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56519      0.19%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29048      0.10%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5797      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4360      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43644      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29849033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1259609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2514486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        497824                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       469302                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    448101                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11526                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2502908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3448      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1994820     79.33%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            201      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8365      0.33%     79.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9828      0.39%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         467604     18.60%     98.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         28522      1.13%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1698      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2514486                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                43644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36652460                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14316484                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            480                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          65013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1259609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2514486                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.241402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.241402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5015892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4142502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    27440                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13671                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3081255                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1362674                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2540638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           243130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             346433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           243130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.424888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3344854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3344854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       313359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         313359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        27537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       340896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          340896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       340896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         340896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       433550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       433550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       434535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        434535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       434535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       434535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34660466500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34660466500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37795499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37795499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34698261999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34698261999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34698261999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34698261999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       746909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       746909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        28522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       775431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       775431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       775431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       775431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.580459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.580459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.560379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.560379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.560379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.560379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79945.719064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79945.719064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38371.064975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38371.064975                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79851.478014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79851.478014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79851.478014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79851.478014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.163333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       191399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       191405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       191405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       242151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       243130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       243130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19220840500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19220840500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36428499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36428499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19257268999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19257268999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19257268999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19257268999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.313542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.313542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79375.433098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79375.433098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37209.907048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37209.907048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79205.647181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79205.647181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79205.647181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79205.647181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4905056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4905056                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1226264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1226264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1226264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1226264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1226264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1226264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193798                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      283374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.462213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.918627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.081373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4081438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4081438                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48628                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                49341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    49341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               49341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   49341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27124000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27124000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18317396500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18317396500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18344520500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18344520500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18344520500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18344520500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       242151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        242151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           243130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               243130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          243130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              243130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.271706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.799183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.797059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.797059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.797059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.797059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101969.924812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101969.924812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94652.297143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94652.297143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94662.341516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94662.341516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94662.341516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94662.341516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193523                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193523                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24464000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24464000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16382176500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16382176500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16406640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16406640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16406640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16406640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.799183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.797059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.797059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91969.924812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91969.924812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84652.348816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84652.348816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84662.393118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84662.393118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84662.393118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84662.393118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387573                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193787                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12430016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12430016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12430016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193789    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1047412250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       486260                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       243128                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          606                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            242151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434215                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       242151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       729390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                729390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15706368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15706368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193798                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436310     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    618      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         364695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
