
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10580269478625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80583988                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                150598176                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              197960583                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6214888171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11614603264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10042112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10061632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9962880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9962880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1278546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657751074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659029620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1278546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1278546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652561436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652561436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652561436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1278546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657751074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311591056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157212                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155670                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155670                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10061568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9962688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10061568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9962880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267397000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157212                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155670                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    734.774108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.715428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.473223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1982      7.27%      7.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2529      9.28%     16.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1928      7.07%     23.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1310      4.81%     28.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1279      4.69%     33.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1273      4.67%     37.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1665      6.11%     43.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1456      5.34%     49.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13830     50.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.167112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.115982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.598539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             35      0.36%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            82      0.84%      1.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9424     96.91%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           125      1.29%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            34      0.35%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.183751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9700     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893981750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5841706750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18408.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37158.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143629                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141998                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48796.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97810860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51991500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563331720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407034720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1508978670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63473280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079288750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       314927520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1587145080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7422697710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.181332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11772001000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6412734125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    820119500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3113753000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4559937500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96775560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51433635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559169100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405547020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         738797280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1489164330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65542560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072292570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       290496480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1614127500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7383444945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.610305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11830776250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46001750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6529724500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    756484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3077410250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4544573625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1242709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1242709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3388                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               735                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236074                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1203890                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32184                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3878                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345909                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231505                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          770                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46074                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             65427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5452565                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1242709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30436129                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  11870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1148                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    45881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.360734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.610347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28905862     94.75%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39264      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41894      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224046      0.73%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26381      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8039      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8817      0.03%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24528      0.08%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1230009      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  385579                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28736980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   626076                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  5935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10949619                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  5935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  656043                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 227544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11526                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1108947                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28498845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10920892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28211069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13930320                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23073030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12543123                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           301710                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13703904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  226416                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4715085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              354946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10868901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                646                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10815918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         148147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       216552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           536                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27561791     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476203      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517218      1.70%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348328      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303216      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             986805      3.23%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117720      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173386      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24173      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72314     94.33%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  342      0.45%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   865      1.13%     95.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  194      0.25%     96.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2759      3.60%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             188      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4053      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9147218     84.57%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  83      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  265      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83167      0.77%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302252      2.79%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194655     11.05%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46122      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38103      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10815918                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354217                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76662                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007088                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51845693                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10815862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10612218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             373412                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            202016                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183311                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10700214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188313                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2058                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          195                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          620                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  5935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               144353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10869547                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               354946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               291                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               143820                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           195                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1605                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5589                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10802567                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345737                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577205                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219937                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231468                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353780                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10798485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10795529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7881049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11001800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353550                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716342                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         148369                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30485083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27627679     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343570      1.13%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324203      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1076120      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72030      0.24%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650805      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72189      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22111      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296376      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30485083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5295522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10721400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560918                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333854                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214142                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180228                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10624408                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2240      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9076526     84.66%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81430      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289658      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189380     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44196      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10721400                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41058476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21763708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25848                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5295522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10721400                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.766134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.766134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173426                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173426                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12349597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8198402                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   284539                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144455                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6087150                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5445507                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4023371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1411827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.994763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6435949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6435949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155663                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155663                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    343598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14043585998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14043585998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14387183998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14387183998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14387183998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14387183998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94942.801879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94942.801879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90217.880922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90217.880922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90325.234477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90325.234477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90325.234477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90325.234477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15829                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.497110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138762500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138762500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13887243499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13887243499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14026005999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14026005999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14026005999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14026005999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105925.572519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105925.572519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89219.247294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89219.247294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89358.676879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89358.676879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89358.676879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89358.676879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              24164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.171030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           184099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          184099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45053999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45053999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45053999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45053999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45053999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45053999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        45881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        45881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        45881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        45881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        45881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63997.157670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63997.157670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63997.157670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63997.157670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63997.157670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63997.157670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37140500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37140500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37140500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37140500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37140500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37140500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64592.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64592.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64592.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64592.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64592.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64592.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157707                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.912819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.368198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16300.718983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156009                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156009                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              305                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13653529000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13653529000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33442000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33442000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136356500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136356500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13789885500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13823327500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13789885500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13823327500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156009                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156009                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            573                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.532286                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.532286                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972519                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972519                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.532286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.532286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87729.009914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87729.009914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109645.901639                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109645.901639                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107030.219780                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107030.219780                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109645.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87885.725302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87927.941251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109645.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87885.725302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87927.941251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155670                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155670                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12097199000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12097199000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30392000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30392000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123616500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123616500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12220815500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12251207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12220815500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12251207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.532286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.532286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.532286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.532286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77729.009914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77729.009914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99645.901639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99645.901639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97030.219780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97030.219780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99645.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77885.725302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77927.941251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99645.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77885.725302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77927.941251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314288                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157093                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20024448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20024448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20024448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157212    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937482000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826868500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315072                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157534                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           98                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            723                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          723                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20030080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20103424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157709                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9963008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314424     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    821      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314118000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            862500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235442500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
