
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10381794005000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              102988481                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                192278644                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              255961355                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6142959066                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11468855593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13376320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13417792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         41472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7850048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7850048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          209005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              209653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        122657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             122657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2716386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         876139287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             878855673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2716386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2716386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       514172467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            514172467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       514172467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2716386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        876139287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1393028141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      209653                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     122657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    209653                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   122657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13417408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7849344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13417792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7850048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              7958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              7642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              7462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              7343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              7344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              7464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             7680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             7544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             7490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             7909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267420000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                209653                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               122657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  158793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   17763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   17135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   7672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   7674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   7675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   7672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   7680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   7685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   7684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   7686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   7675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   7673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    766.155487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   604.282914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.034471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2022      7.28%      7.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2115      7.62%     14.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1803      6.50%     21.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1195      4.31%     25.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1055      3.80%     29.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1152      4.15%     33.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1205      4.34%     38.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1377      4.96%     42.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15834     57.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.873907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.269493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1762.346804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         7660     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.177508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7637     99.69%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      0.07%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.09%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3249012500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7179893750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1048235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15497.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34247.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       878.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       514.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    878.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    514.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   193046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  111492                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      45943.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99231720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52750500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               749771400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              320789880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         800875920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1574997780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             67809120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2094004440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       421065120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1490517660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7671835920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            502.499705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11636699375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     59553500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     339638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5948129000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1096517500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3231399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4592107125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98938980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52591110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               747108180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              319422240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         795344160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1560612690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66579840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2086882860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       411612000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1509065700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7648180140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            500.950269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11627431625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54365250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     337286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6023109000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1071899000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3204175750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4576509125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1542243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1542243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1507993                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  21189                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               800                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1507993                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1288025                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          219968                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4368                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1218813                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1212025                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         1729                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2367                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     128192                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   44                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            156353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6705742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1542243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1309214                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30320226                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          752                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   128055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2169                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30484475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.445813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.777290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28510954     93.53%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41919      0.14%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   54083      0.18%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  243129      0.80%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   43334      0.14%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   30791      0.10%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   31554      0.10%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35406      0.12%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1493305      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30484475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.219611                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  504070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28249765                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   841856                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               881803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13527640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  828176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1247599                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1397107                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             26996289                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              13495106                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 79014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2091048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              24582367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17358701                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             30014560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16495280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           400775                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             17071483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  287346                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5068501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              929777                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1219646                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25218                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13435833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 13666765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1783                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         184132                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       267586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           523                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30484475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.448319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.372561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26774260     87.83%     87.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             619836      2.03%     89.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             618386      2.03%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             467022      1.53%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             485077      1.59%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1041893      3.42%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             165334      0.54%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             234022      0.77%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              78645      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30484475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  86888     59.40%     59.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     59.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     59.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2934      2.01%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     61.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 50932     34.82%     96.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2611      1.79%     98.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2712      1.85%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             191      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16735      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             11066599     80.97%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                37342      0.27%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             113526      0.83%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1167698      8.54%     90.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1142153      8.36%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          51438      0.38%     99.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         71192      0.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              13666765                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.447582                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     146268                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.010702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          57452040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13344495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13094052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             514021                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            276258                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       252096                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              13536410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 259888                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           22154                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       297644                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 300005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               913121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13436430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               929777                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1219646                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  2774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               908950                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6204                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             13651152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1216156                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2428142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1514616                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1211986                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.447070                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      13349295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     13346148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 10016943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 14766046                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.437082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.678377                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         184422                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             74                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6831                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30455727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.435137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.456865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27152432     89.15%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       477629      1.57%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       328574      1.08%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1067426      3.50%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       129121      0.42%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       606077      1.99%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76968      0.25%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        33328      0.11%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       584172      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30455727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             6517373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              13252404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2111881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       904553                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1507372                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    248212                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 13117796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               18414                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        14845      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10976908     82.83%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             67      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           37258      0.28%     83.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        111445      0.84%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         855402      6.45%     90.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1136704      8.58%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        49151      0.37%     99.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        70624      0.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         13252404                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               584172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    43308381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   26902767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            401                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50214                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    6517373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     13252404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.685122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.685122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.213442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.213442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                16859596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               10514901                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   378734                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  175234                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  7841308                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6492659                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5430322                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           209192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12539778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           209192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.943870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8632672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8632672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       758273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         758273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1068526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1068526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1826799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1826799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1826799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1826799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       140269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       140269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       138802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       138802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       279071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        279071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       279071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       279071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10422514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10422514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12375928499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12375928499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22798442999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22798442999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22798442999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22798442999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       898542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       898542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1207328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1207328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2105870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2105870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2105870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2105870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.114966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74303.762770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74303.762770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89162.465231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89162.465231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81694.059931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81694.059931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81694.059931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81694.059931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2540739                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          214                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.675742                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          107                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           138114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        69873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        69873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       209198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       209198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5839422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5839422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12236826999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12236826999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18076248999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18076248999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18076248999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18076248999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114962                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114962                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82945.157029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82945.157029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88163.483353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88163.483353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86407.370047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86407.370047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86407.370047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86407.370047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.155768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          445139694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         528669.470309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.155768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           513069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          513069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       126960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         126960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       126960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          126960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       126960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         126960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       128055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       128055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       128055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       128055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       128055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80052.968037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80052.968037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80052.968037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80052.968037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80052.968037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80052.968037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70347500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70347500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70347500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70347500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     70347500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70347500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82859.246172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82859.246172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82859.246172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82859.246172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82859.246172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82859.246172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    210416                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      209633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    210416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       71.742443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        60.184688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16252.072870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.003673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.991948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3570768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3570768                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       138114                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           138114                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          838                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              838                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            201                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                201                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          138735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              138735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          648                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              648                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        70271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           70271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             209006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 209654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            209006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                209654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12027886000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12027886000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66935000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     66935000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5732376000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5732376000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17760262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17827197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17760262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17827197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       138114                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       138114                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          838                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          838                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        138792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            138792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          849                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            849                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        70401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         70401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           209193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               210042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          209193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              210042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999589                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999589                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.763251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.763251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.763251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.763251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86696.839298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86696.839298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103294.753086                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103294.753086                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81575.272872                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81575.272872                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103294.753086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84974.890673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85031.513828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103294.753086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84974.890673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85031.513828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               122657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    122657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         138735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          648                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70271                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        70271                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        209006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            209654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           209654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10640546000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10640546000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60455000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60455000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5029666000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5029666000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15670212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15730667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15670212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15730667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.763251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.763251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.763251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76696.911378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76696.911378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93294.753086                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93294.753086                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71575.272872                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71575.272872                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93294.753086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74974.938519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75031.561525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93294.753086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74974.938519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75031.561525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        419296                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       209667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       122657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            86983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           138734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         70919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       628949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       628949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 628949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21267840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21267840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21267840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            209656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  209656    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              209656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           910797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1090804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       420081                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       210032                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           97                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            842                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          842                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             71250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       260771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          158837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           138792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          138791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       627587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                630127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       108224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22227584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22335808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          210416                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7850048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419528     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    935      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          348996500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1273500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         313790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
