
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2152695521625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13426756                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 24322210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42270256                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   361.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4849530416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8784795396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         302848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             311040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       301248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          301248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          4707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               4707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            536570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          19836325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              20372895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       536570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           536570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19731526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19731526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19731526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           536570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         19836325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             40104421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       4707                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     4707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 311040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  301632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  311040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               301248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   17085343000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 4707                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    506.340496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   317.495524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   393.402561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          268     22.15%     22.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          197     16.28%     38.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          110      9.09%     47.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           81      6.69%     54.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      5.04%     59.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      4.88%     64.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      4.30%     68.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      4.79%     73.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          324     26.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.678082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.194341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      7.190042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             10      3.42%      3.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            11      3.77%      7.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           254     86.99%     94.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            11      3.77%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27             1      0.34%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             1      0.34%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.34%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.68%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.140411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.129059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.645479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              277     94.86%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      2.40%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      2.40%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    103574500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               194699500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   24300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21311.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40061.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        19.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     20.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4317                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4046                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1785862.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  5126520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2724810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                19163760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               14381100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         51629760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             68455290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              3554880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       125510580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        45282240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3539283660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3875112600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            253.817073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          15072034000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      21924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  14714802625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    117936500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     132950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    275345000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  3512880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1867140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                15536640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10220760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         43639440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             69911640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              2874720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        89592600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        44465760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3556700040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3838321620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            251.407291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12216753750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3504250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      18526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  14794273125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    115793750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     138818000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    196429000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                8951473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          8951473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           365367                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7197317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 952964                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             18127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        7197317                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4126129                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         3071188                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       106773                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10612788                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    3668881                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         8271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          464                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6380822                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          753                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  213                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6620926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56719227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    8951473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5079093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     23532596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 731712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3677                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6380087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                92886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30523357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.528819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.542781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12976598     42.51%     42.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  871165      2.85%     45.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1591753      5.21%     50.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1226175      4.02%     54.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  900221      2.95%     57.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1386896      4.54%     62.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1080078      3.54%     65.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  961393      3.15%     68.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 9529078     31.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30523357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.293158                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.857534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4877113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             10768293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 10533250                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3978845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                365856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             103026865                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                365856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6474887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3420258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 12810115                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7428529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             101176171                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               462491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5523783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                567450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          113944797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            253343571                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       114731580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         53662444                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             88889370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                25055540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              2777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          3266                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 18735990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11516122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            4125414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           675471                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          501752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  98091088                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              13082                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 89749382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           144294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       19300539                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29316918                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         12869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30523357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.940351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.278756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5997418     19.65%     19.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3338704     10.94%     30.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4715851     15.45%     46.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4885259     16.00%     62.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            4105735     13.45%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2836613      9.29%     84.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1955625      6.41%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1521772      4.99%     96.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1166380      3.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30523357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 551948     71.39%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               138310     17.89%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 27548      3.56%     92.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                10166      1.31%     94.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            45013      5.82%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             107      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           852343      0.95%      0.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             57666741     64.25%     65.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                4213      0.00%     65.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  291      0.00%     65.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           16785425     18.70%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5807282      6.47%     90.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3304796      3.68%     94.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        4903106      5.46%     99.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        425185      0.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              89749382                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.939260                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     773092                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008614                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158323848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         82011986                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     62490563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           52615655                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          35392989                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     25972707                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63271502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               26398629                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          361380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2497634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       722673                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          149                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           26                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                365856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2268664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               285512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           98104170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11516122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             4125414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              6168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               273004                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        185231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       285030                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              470261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             88835456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10518546                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           913922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14177716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7195686                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3659170                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.909329                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      88605393                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     88463270                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 66220206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                117297000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.897140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       19300601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           365639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27905198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.823980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.029568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8250833     29.57%     29.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6062695     21.73%     51.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2176591      7.80%     59.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2843295     10.19%     69.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1146114      4.11%     73.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       976185      3.50%     76.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       421613      1.51%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       360067      1.29%     79.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5667805     20.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27905198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41444675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              78803730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12421234                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      9018496                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6655448                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  23630926                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 60828739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              575254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       612260      0.78%      0.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50228498     63.74%     64.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           4163      0.01%     64.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             197      0.00%     64.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      15537378     19.72%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4826542      6.12%     90.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2981754      3.78%     94.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      4191954      5.32%     99.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       420984      0.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         78803730                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5667805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   120341724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  198842247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             93                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          11331                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   41444675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     78803730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.736758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.736758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.357298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.357298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                97723375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               52991193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 45973007                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                23125881                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 42679164                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                23518182                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               30259413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             8428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9780092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1160.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         54624356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        54624356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     10240374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10240374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3404182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3404182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13644556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13644556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13644556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13644556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         6770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         9426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          9426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         9426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         9426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    436796499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    436796499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    534326499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    534326499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    534326499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    534326499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     10243030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10243030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3410952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3410952                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13653982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13653982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13653982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13653982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36720.632530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36720.632530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64519.423781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64519.423781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56686.452260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56686.452260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56686.452260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56686.452260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.538462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             7963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    429928999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429928999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    470941999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470941999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    470941999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470941999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24691.751957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24691.751957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63523.788268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63523.788268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55871.633527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55871.633527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55871.633527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55871.633527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.720563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           53137457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         206760.533074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.720563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25520608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25520608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6379773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6379773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6379773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6379773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6379773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6379773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28925499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28925499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28925499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28925499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28925499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28925499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6380087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6380087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6380087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6380087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6380087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6380087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92119.423567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92119.423567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92119.423567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92119.423567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92119.423567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92119.423567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24346499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24346499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24346499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24346499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24346499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24346499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93640.380769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93640.380769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93640.380769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93640.380769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93640.380769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93640.380769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4982                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.002810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      257.847532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       184.088372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15942.064096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.015738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.011236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.973026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    143966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   143966                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             7963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              2278                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2278                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            131                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                131                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1418                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1418                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            4489                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4489                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              128                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    395821500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     395821500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22559500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     22559500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23567500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     23567500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22559500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    419389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        441948500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22559500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    419389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       441948500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          6767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          259                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            259                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             8428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            8428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.663366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.663366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.494208                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494208                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146297                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.146297                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.494208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.561462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.559457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.494208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.561462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.559457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88175.874360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88175.874360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 176246.093750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176246.093750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96985.596708                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96985.596708                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 176246.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88628.275571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90935.905350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 176246.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88628.275571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90935.905350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4489                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4489                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    350931500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350931500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21279500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21279500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21279500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    372069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    393348500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21279500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    372069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393348500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.663366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.494208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.494208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.559457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.494208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.559457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78175.874360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78175.874360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 166246.093750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166246.093750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86985.596708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86985.596708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 166246.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78628.275571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80935.905350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 166246.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78628.275571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80935.905350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          9841                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4984                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        14701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        14701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4860    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            29085500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25606250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        17374                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8690                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 26062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1049024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1082048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4983                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    301312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            13671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  13652     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     19      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              13671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           16907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            390499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          12642500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
