
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10794012296375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115389103                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215868573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              279957423                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6292687489                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11772287608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9975744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10000768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9930368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9930368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1639054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653404018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655043072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1639054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1639054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650431923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650431923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650431923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1639054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653404018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305474995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155162                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10000768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9930304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10000768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9930368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155162                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    724.005086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.241362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.696326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2101      7.63%      7.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2685      9.75%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1705      6.19%     23.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1718      6.24%     29.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1391      5.05%     34.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1397      5.07%     39.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1432      5.20%     45.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1502      5.46%     50.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13598     49.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.129335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.080748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.559294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            99      1.02%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9381     96.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           122      1.26%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.014007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.264281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9643     99.54%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15      0.15%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.14%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2890115500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5820028000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18495.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37245.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142776                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141118                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49024.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98889000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52560750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560975520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406314360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1521486750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63043680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2085556470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       310706400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1579617840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7429626210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.635144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11708992250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42868250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6383854375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    809174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4573424250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97668060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51911805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554735160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403626060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1509048780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64445760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074151910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       308611680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1592599440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7403061255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.895159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11790276000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44843500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6437753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    803701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4548844375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1332818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1332818                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1324644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4347                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1324644                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1284520                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40124                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5047                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351321                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1317399                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          948                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2722                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53073                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          287                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             77856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5822171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1332818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1288867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          992                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52904                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.384912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.663101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28801886     94.43%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39925      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42806      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224954      0.74%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27834      0.09%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8828      0.03%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9852      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25167      0.08%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1318574      4.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  431453                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28589020                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   638537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               833325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11669747                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  706381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 279365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16122                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1195856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28294611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11633471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28003047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14804968                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24617154                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13373209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           309333                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14524212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  280756                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5036366                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1326367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11567889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                969                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11502479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         184996                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       267522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           842                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.255973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27381198     89.77%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             472161      1.55%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             565660      1.85%     93.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347172      1.14%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             340981      1.12%     95.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1080281      3.54%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119482      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167867      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25024      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73284     94.30%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  459      0.59%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   737      0.95%     95.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  228      0.29%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2759      3.55%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             246      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4631      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9740044     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 121      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  344      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83943      0.73%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307960      2.68%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1277398     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46467      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41571      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11502479                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.376702                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77713                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53201950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11545176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11289630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             382898                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            208897                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187699                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11382450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193111                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          230                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          558                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  59236                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               184121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11568858                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1326367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               428                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               183552                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           230                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7166                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9153                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11485653                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1668510                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1303677                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1317359                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376151                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11480956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11477329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8382705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11773987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.375878                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711968                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         185306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.373609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27446740     90.08%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340969      1.12%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322547      1.06%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1162846      3.82%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66261      0.22%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       744272      2.44%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72753      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22325      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291258      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5627133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11383862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1648661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1296255                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184353                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11286119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2368      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9650432     84.77%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82036      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292623      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1270714     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44322      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11383862                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               291258                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41747881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23168762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5627133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11383862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.426331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.426331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184287                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184287                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13132089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8709809                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   289503                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145424                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6502398                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5774912                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4283365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1489931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.555740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6792840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6792840                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1157316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1157316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1500848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1500848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1500848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1500848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13939693498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13939693498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14316641498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14316641498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14316641498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14316641498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1311748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1311748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1659230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1659230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1659230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1659230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95429.873418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95429.873418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90264.281354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90264.281354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90393.109684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90393.109684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90393.109684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90393.109684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    98.223464                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161565500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161565500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13784352499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13784352499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945917999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945917999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945917999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945917999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107495.342648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107495.342648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89263.597385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89263.597385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.336602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89439.336602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.336602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89439.336602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1017.998825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   16                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1017.998825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           212345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          212345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55798500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55798500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55798500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55798500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55798500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55798500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63263.605442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63263.605442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63263.605442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63263.605442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63263.605442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63263.605442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46686500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46686500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46686500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46686500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46686500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46686500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64041.838134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64041.838134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64041.838134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64041.838134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64041.838134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64041.838134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156893                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.570299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.889836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16292.539865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2663005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2663005                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          723                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              723                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            332                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                332                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  49                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          391                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              391                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13552358000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13552358000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42072500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42072500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    158924500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42072500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13711282500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13753355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42072500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13711282500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13753355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          723                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          723                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            723                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.540802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979375                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979375                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.540802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.540802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87774.907869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87774.907869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107602.301790                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107602.301790                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107965.013587                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107965.013587                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107602.301790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87965.577304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88014.712470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107602.301790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87965.577304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88014.712470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155161                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155161                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          391                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1472                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1472                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12008378000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12008378000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38162500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38162500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    144204500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144204500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77774.972636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77774.972636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97602.301790                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97602.301790                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97965.013587                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97965.013587                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97602.301790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77965.641460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78014.776465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97602.301790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77965.641460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78014.776465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312629                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156386                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19931072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19931072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19931072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156262    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933886500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821744250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156643                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          130                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            608                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          608                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19890304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19982848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156899                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9930688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312810     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    738      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1093500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233883000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
