
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2167962865750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16286810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29546115                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50958865                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   299.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4879549718                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8852055172                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          11456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         534656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             546112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        11456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         11456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       512896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          512896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            8354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                8533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            750360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          35019581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              35769941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       750360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           750360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        33594317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             33594317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        33594317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           750360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         35019581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             69364258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        8534                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       8014                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      8534                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     8014                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 546176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  512576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  546176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               512896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15318865000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  8534                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 8014                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    8213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    184.836738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.867482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.430797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2986     52.14%     52.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1836     32.06%     84.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          209      3.65%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          118      2.06%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           97      1.69%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           73      1.27%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      1.08%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      1.00%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          289      5.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.905462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.645238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.569681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-9               1      0.21%      0.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             7      1.47%      1.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             5      1.05%      2.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             4      0.84%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           239     50.21%     53.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           110     23.11%     76.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            74     15.55%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            22      4.62%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             5      1.05%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             3      0.63%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.21%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::62-63             1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.825630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.792174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.080475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              291     61.13%     61.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.21%     61.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              165     34.66%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               17      3.57%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.21%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    205452250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               365464750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   42670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24074.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42824.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        35.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        33.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     35.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     33.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5391                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    5422                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 63.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                67.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     925723.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    65.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19699260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10466610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                29338260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               19486260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         388452480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            314774520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12519840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1247893590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       466521120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       2560528920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             5069891640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            332.074236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14543786375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12684500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     164530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  10592471125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1214951250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     546033500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2736673750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 21212940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11267355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                31594500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               22320720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         374315760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            300165420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             11276640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1305942390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       391344000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       2579906220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             5049556725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            330.742314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14578761625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     158484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  10696218625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1018999750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     520115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2863543250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12725153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         12725153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           913859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10076041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1434643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             89682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10076041                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3843579                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         6232462                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       464289                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10016030                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4582065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        39536                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4830                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7026077                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2463                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  276                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7628412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56675755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12725153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5278222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21967352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1830140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        17                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12822                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7023625                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               224352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30524544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.069595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.584620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11339147     37.15%     37.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  414845      1.36%     38.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1310465      4.29%     42.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1539273      5.04%     47.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  821081      2.69%     50.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1465140      4.80%     55.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1319063      4.32%     59.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  479706      1.57%     61.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                11835824     38.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30524544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.416744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.856110                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5785748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              7351054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 14441314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2031358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                915070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             117052031                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                915070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6928936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                4987566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        103737                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15244385                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2344850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             112526836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 8737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1430918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                477239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          125412893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            292306708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       162684037                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         14773465                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             75158229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                50254620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             14405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         15823                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6735400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11760062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5696780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           559621                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          252552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 103542861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              86129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 89750620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           464254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       36369154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55840002                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         85793                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30524544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.940277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.657366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9930478     32.53%     32.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2040316      6.68%     39.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2533820      8.30%     47.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3029920      9.93%     57.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3373466     11.05%     68.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2964070      9.71%     78.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2939892      9.63%     87.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            2101318      6.88%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1611264      5.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30524544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1400396     84.42%     84.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     84.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     84.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111718      6.73%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 35240      2.12%     93.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                19696      1.19%     94.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91654      5.53%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             113      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          2071765      2.31%      2.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             67040032     74.70%     77.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 584      0.00%     77.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                21093      0.02%     77.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5383958      6.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             8302638      9.25%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4736124      5.28%     97.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2160211      2.41%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         34215      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              89750620                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.939300                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1658817                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196511114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        127360789                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79262977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15637749                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          12637781                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7284531                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81432956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7904716                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          481748                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4595129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4829                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          719                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1740671                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1200                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                915070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4430891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               366747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          103628990                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            24578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11760062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5696780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             36891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  1458                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               364622                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           719                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        360023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       848910                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1208933                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             87575882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9919875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2174746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14499141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8231467                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4579266                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.868078                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      86975182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     86547508                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 63726124                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                119153773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.834400                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.534823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       36369092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            336                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           914752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25287190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.659836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.921206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8356040     33.04%     33.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3695183     14.61%     47.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3881384     15.35%     63.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2288092      9.05%     72.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       810082      3.20%     75.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1005767      3.98%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       388994      1.54%     80.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558762      2.21%     82.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4302886     17.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25287190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30019302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              67259776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11121024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7164916                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6822704                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   5685723                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62900806                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              639651                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1271503      1.89%      1.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50591820     75.22%     77.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             28      0.00%     77.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13857      0.02%     77.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       4261544      6.34%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5867328      8.72%     92.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3922204      5.83%     98.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1297588      1.93%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        33904      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         67259776                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4302886                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   124613172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  212565145                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          10144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30019302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     67259776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.017168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.017168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.983121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.983121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               120733102                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               66927449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10962638                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 5966177                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 54750370                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                24120770                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               30202102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             9839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           16922911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1719.982823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         53815407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        53815407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9488849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9488849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3949226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3949226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13438075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13438075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13438075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13438075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         6322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        13317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        13317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    441078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    576944500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    576944500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1018022500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1018022500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1018022500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1018022500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9495171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9495171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3956221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3956221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13451392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13451392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13451392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13451392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69768.744068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69768.744068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82479.556826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82479.556826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76445.333033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76445.333033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76445.333033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76445.333033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           57                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3472                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    244111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    567081000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567081000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    811192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    811192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    811192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    811192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83002.720163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83002.720163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82138.035921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82138.035921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82396.343321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82396.343321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82396.343321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82396.343321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.650610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           84678629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         112604.559840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.650610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28095255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        28095255                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      7022787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7022787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      7022787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7022787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      7022787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7022787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32070500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32070500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32070500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32070500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32070500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32070500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7023625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7023625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7023625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7023625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7023625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7023625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38270.286396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38270.286396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38270.286396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38270.286396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38270.286396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38270.286396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           83                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27158500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35971.523179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35971.523179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35971.523179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35971.523179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35971.523179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35971.523179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      8663                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      8663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.389357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      357.449065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       299.927838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15726.623097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.021817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.018306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.959877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    178039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   178039                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             8793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            572                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                572                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2057                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            6224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          179                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              179                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         2131                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2131                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               8355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   8534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              8355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  8534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549562500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     549562500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20007500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     20007500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    231049000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    231049000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    780611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        800619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    780611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       800619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          6899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6899                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2941                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2941                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             9840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            9840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.902160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.902160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.238349                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.238349                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724583                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.724583                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.238349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.849085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.805778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.238349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.849085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.805778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88297.316838                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88297.316838                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111773.743017                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111773.743017                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108422.806194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108422.806194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111773.743017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93430.460802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93815.209749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111773.743017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93430.460802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93815.209749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8014                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8014                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          179                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2131                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2131                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          8355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              8534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             8534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    487322500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487322500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18217500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18217500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    209749000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209749000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18217500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    697071500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    715289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18217500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    697071500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    715289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.902160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.902160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.238349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.724583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.238349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.849085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.805778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.238349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.849085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.805778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78297.316838                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78297.316838                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101773.743017                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101773.743017                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98427.498827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98427.498827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101773.743017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83431.657690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83816.381533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101773.743017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83431.657690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83816.381533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         17102                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8569                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        25635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        25635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1059008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    8534    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            50173500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45584250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        21191                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           31                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             99                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           99                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 31786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1192448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1288640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            8667                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    513152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            19263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.080295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  19138     99.35%     99.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    125      0.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              19263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           20140500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1132500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          14761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
