
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1206120185875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               23463525                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 43180201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              137435700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   111.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2606496394                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4796766385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16792448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           16796608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2861888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2861888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          262382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              262447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         44717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              44717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            272477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1099893201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1100165678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       272477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           272477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       187451594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            187451594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       187451594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           272477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1099893201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1287617272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      262445                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      44717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    262445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    44717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               16796352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2861888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                16796480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2861888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             16276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             16289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             16410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             16411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             16402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             16517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             16657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             16427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             16389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            16482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            16518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            16389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            16263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            16269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            16317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                262445                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                44717                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  162470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   99904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    871.414513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   756.626409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   294.328351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          848      3.76%      3.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          912      4.04%      7.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          730      3.24%     11.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          588      2.61%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          794      3.52%     17.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          642      2.85%     20.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          661      2.93%     22.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1082      4.80%     27.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16302     72.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     147.978518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.273405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6902.448884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383         2792     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.182213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2781     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.18%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      0.07%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2764342500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7685148750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1312215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10533.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29283.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1100.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       187.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1100.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    187.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      30.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   243581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   41020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49704.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 80689140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42887295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               938117460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              117006300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         829149360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1564065180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             67258080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2149734480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       481884000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1437556260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7708435485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            504.896950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11662170500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     68258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     351520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5692793750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1254967250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3185384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4714421125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 80382120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 42724110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               935725560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              116416440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         821159040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1537962030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65650560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2137094730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       471549120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1465963500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7674627210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            502.682533                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11719196500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64778750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     348164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5809051500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1227956375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130811000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4686582500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3752154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3752154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6812                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3750935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   1088                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3750935                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3715373                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           35562                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1281                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3841723                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     362113                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3627                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          761                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      33775                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             38836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      19206704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3752154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3716461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30483887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  81                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          529                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    33689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30530270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.115510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.516888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                23060794     75.53%     75.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2719586      8.91%     84.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  480272      1.57%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  337516      1.11%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  162709      0.53%     87.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  121030      0.40%     88.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  384966      1.26%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  308803      1.01%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2954594      9.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30530270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.122882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.629013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1366319                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24889068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1304183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2963763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              33887912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2102630                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14992631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3531201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9894868                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              33838521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               881041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2233641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  9148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6178883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55457471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             76093792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45526296                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           183804                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             55164370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  293101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                29                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            29                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10884754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3860054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             379733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  33812879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 33760695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         201392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       251959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30530270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.105811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.889318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20412670     66.86%     66.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2319237      7.60%     74.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1370977      4.49%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2219527      7.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             947301      3.10%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1511887      4.95%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1559936      5.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             177212      0.58%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              11523      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30530270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7967     76.61%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   22      0.21%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1161     11.16%     87.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1197     11.51%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.02%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              51      0.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17949      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29521324     87.44%     87.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5171      0.02%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   36      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                983      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3852500     11.41%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181402      0.54%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            180      0.00%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        181150      0.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              33760695                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.105651                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10400                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97697728                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33831321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33536609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             365018                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            183361                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182391                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33570614                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 182532                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        37203                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19199                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          174                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12079167                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1822719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           33813231                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3860054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              379733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 36729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1785971                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33725960                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3841686                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4203793                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3718954                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    362107                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.104513                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      33724942                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     33719000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27839331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 39839075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.104285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.698795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         201437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             41                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30502064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.101953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.963696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22677608     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       463981      1.52%     75.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       132412      0.43%     76.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       187657      0.62%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3362663     11.02%     87.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3512419     11.52%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5234      0.02%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4808      0.02%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       155282      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30502064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18912093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              33611839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4183385                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3822851                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3706682                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    181915                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33593775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 334                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17365      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29405203     87.48%     87.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5164      0.02%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              14      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           708      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3822759     11.37%     98.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        179518      0.53%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           92      0.00%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       181016      0.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         33611839                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               155282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    64160058                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   67654904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             50                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           4418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18912093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33611839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.614559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.614559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.619364                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.619364                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                45326858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29631740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   183356                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1126                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18628220                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                25697232                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11639932                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           263352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1353971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           263352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.141298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17067616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17067616                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1038103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1038103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       315868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        315868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1353971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1353971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1353971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1353971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2802427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2802427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2847095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2847095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2847095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2847095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 187401523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 187401523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3892058998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3892058998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 191293581998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 191293581998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 191293581998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 191293581998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3840530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3840530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       360536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       360536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4201066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4201066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4201066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4201066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.729698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.677708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66871.152398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66871.152398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87133.048222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87133.048222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67189.040758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67189.040758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67189.040758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67189.040758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.260000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        45680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            45680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2583741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2583741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2583743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2583743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2583743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2583743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       263352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       263352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17654986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17654986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3847122498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3847122498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21502108498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21502108498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21502108498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21502108498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80732.127342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80732.127342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86130.893700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86130.893700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81647.788883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81647.788883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81647.788883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81647.788883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.861180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             547166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3722.217687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.861180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           134903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          134903                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        33515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        33515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           33515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        33515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          33515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        33689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        33689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        33689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        33689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        33689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47971.264368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47971.264368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47971.264368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47971.264368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47971.264368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47971.264368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50768.707483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50768.707483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50768.707483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50768.707483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50768.707483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50768.707483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    262556                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      264436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    262556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.007160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        8.896573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         5.076768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.026658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4478500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4478500                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        45680                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            45680                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          147                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              147                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             82                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 82                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  82                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       217721                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          217721                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             262380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 262445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                65                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            262380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                262445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3780130500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3780130500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6377000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      6377000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17316696000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17316696000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21096826500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      21103203500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21096826500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     21103203500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        45680                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        45680                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          147                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          147                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            147                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       218685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        218685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           263352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               263499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          263352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              263499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442177                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.442177                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995592                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995592                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.442177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.996309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.996000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.442177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.996309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.996000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84644.315815                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84644.315815                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98107.692308                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98107.692308                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79536.177034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79536.177034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98107.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80405.619712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80410.004001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98107.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80405.619712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80410.004001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                44717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     44717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217721                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       217721                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        262380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            262445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           65                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           262445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3333540500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3333540500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5727000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15139486000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15139486000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18473026500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18478753500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18473026500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18478753500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.996000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.996000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74644.315815                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74644.315815                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88107.692308                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88107.692308                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69536.177034                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69536.177034                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88107.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70405.619712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70410.004001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88107.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70405.619712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70410.004001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        524891                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       262446                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             217786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           217729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        217786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       787336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       787336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 787336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19658368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19658368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19658368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            262445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  262445    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              262445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           789144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1379187250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       526998                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263499                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            123                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          123                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            218832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90397                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          435511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       218685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       790056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                790497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19778048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19796864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          262556                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2861888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           526055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 525918     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    137      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             526055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          309326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         395028499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
