
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10427596037375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              103728150                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                193704871                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              257096539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6159757433                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11502908619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9941568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9965184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9858176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9858176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1546831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651165515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652712346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1546831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1546831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       645703399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            645703399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       645703399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1546831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651165515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1298415745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155707                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154034                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155707                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154034                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9965248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9858496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9965248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9858176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267886000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155707                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154034                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    717.570493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   553.404849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.690205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2154      7.80%      7.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2619      9.48%     17.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2122      7.68%     24.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1542      5.58%     30.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1223      4.43%     34.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1641      5.94%     40.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1473      5.33%     46.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1565      5.66%     51.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13288     48.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.187545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.123982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.871347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            99      1.03%      1.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9273     96.40%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.41%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            35      0.36%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.282413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9585     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.11%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2886377500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5805883750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18537.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37287.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       645.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    645.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142198                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  139925                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49292.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99060360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52667010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               556998540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              401538060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1506420510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63886560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2082253320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       330232320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577107380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7422483420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.167297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11797379000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43732750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318864000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6371096750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    859976000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107368375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4566306250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98167860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52177455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554749440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402545520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1510692090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64921440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2087923680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       319037760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1578224580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7420233765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.019946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11779305500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46213500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318592000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6375547500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    830864875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117271750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4578854500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1337265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1337265                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1328800                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               849                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1328800                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1289045                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39755                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5023                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     500937                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1321628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          801                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2620                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      58070                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          284                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             81662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6027903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1337265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1293045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30411506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    57881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.401210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.676266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28637747     93.89%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   57528      0.19%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   60641      0.20%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  334646      1.10%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   37283      0.12%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   10445      0.03%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   11352      0.04%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35107      0.12%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1317479      4.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.197412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  425187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28534174                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   724480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               810763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12166063                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  712036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 268651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15210                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1247099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28251608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12128956                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 24605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27940395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15600248                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25515708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13996338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           397685                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15305505                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  294899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4882977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              512178                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1330039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12062305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11993864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189023                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       277401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           650                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.393213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.297896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27300907     89.50%     89.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             505497      1.66%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             556401      1.82%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             359887      1.18%     94.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             309751      1.02%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1047078      3.43%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             172025      0.56%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             216096      0.71%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34586      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107114     95.24%     95.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  553      0.49%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   947      0.84%     96.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  206      0.18%     96.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             3438      3.06%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             205      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5132      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10052148     83.81%     83.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  86      0.00%     83.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  335      0.00%     83.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             108994      0.91%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              443919      3.70%     88.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1274996     10.63%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          60167      0.50%     99.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         48087      0.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11993864                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.392795                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     112463                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54119890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11985347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11730311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             484620                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            266953                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       237631                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11856846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 244349                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26423                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          712                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  68845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               162913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12063071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               512178                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1330039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               162205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7055                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11976691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               500689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1822265                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1308015                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1321576                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.392232                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11971536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11967942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8775913                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12108001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.391946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         189262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            116                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30472173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.389672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27396793     89.91%     89.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       385151      1.26%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324101      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1141128      3.74%     95.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64837      0.21%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       625632      2.05%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107211      0.35%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        31911      0.10%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       395409      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30472173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5823705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11874160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1802184                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       485775                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1300689                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    233044                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11747644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1201                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2828      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9962361     83.90%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             68      0.00%     83.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             269      0.00%     83.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        106450      0.90%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         428465      3.61%     88.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268902     10.69%     99.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        57310      0.48%     99.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        47507      0.40%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11874160                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               395409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42140186                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24157316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5823705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11874160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.243172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.243172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.190724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.190724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13752931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9148099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   370204                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  188515                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6524353                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6077736                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4446425                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.764951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7410406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7410406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       492974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         492974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1162571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1162571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1655545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1655545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1655545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1655545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    398290500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398290500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13898086498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13898086498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14296376998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14296376998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14296376998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14296376998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       497324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       497324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1316425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1316425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1813749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1813749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1813749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1813749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91561.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91561.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90332.955256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90332.955256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90366.722700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90366.722700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90366.722700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90366.722700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    85.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   105.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162394500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162394500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13743472998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13743472998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13905867498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13905867498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13905867498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13905867498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103832.800512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103832.800512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89332.083161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89332.083161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89478.013126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89478.013126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89478.013126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89478.013126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             369169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           521.425141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           232232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          232232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        57015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          57015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        57015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           57015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        57015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          57015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52744500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52744500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        57881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        57881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        57881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        57881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        57881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60905.889145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60905.889145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60905.889145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60905.889145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60905.889145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60905.889145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           12                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61793.785311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61793.785311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61793.785311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61793.785311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61793.785311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61793.785311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156325                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       62.672633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.984210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16283.343156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2653981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2653981                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154115                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154115                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          708                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              708                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            339                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                339                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13512414000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13512414000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39109000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39109000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159476500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    159476500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13671890500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13710999500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13671890500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13710999500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154115                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154115                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          708                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          708                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.521186                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.521186                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969309                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969309                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.521186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.521186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87844.482584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87844.482584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105986.449864                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105986.449864                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105195.580475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105195.580475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105986.449864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88013.818254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88056.410438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105986.449864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88013.818254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88056.410438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1516                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1516                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11974204000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11974204000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35419000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35419000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    144316500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144316500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12118520500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153939500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12118520500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153939500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.521186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.521186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.521186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77844.547594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77844.547594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95986.449864                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95986.449864                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95195.580475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95195.580475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95986.449864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78013.882630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.474661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95986.449864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78013.882630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.474661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311371                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155681                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19823360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19823360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19823360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155707    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           928138000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          818826250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312237                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156107                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            750                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          750                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19809600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19900224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156325                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9858176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311597     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    847      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          310941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1062000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
