
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1404595659500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12404274                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22708264                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               61634213                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   247.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3072649009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5625039325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         916096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             916096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       871424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          871424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          60003626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              60003626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57077642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57077642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57077642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         60003626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            117081267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14314                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13616                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13616                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 916096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  871424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  916096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               871424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267844000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14314                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13616                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    298.527722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.366113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   292.492953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2369     39.56%     39.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          813     13.58%     53.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          573      9.57%     62.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1453     24.27%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           53      0.89%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      0.94%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      0.84%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           91      1.52%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          530      8.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.883905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.532757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      6.029845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           722     95.25%     95.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            26      3.43%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.13%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.13%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.13%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.13%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.13%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             1      0.13%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-91             2      0.26%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::92-95             1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.963061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.961049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.259472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      1.58%      1.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.53%      2.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              742     97.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    393362750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               661750250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27480.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46230.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        60.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        57.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     60.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10392                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11550                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     546646.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 23397780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12432420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                53335800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               38581020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1264314480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            769909830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64354080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3704278380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1398107520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        577527300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7906339050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            517.859491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13410631625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    111899750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     536806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1646803875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3640894750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1207440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8123499750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19356540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10292040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                48866160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               32494500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1121718000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            626725260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             51928800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3479965140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1135701120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        921179640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7448575500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            487.876309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13751522625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     476294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3167889000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2957458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     949121500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7631562875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5267002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5267002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           109434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3684950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 753780                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3684950                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2527322                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1157628                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           25                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8916439                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2108618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        10445                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6221861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6282813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46128400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5267002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3281102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24142328                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 219096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6221861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                48568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.644932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.359224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16801850     55.03%     55.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  707422      2.32%     57.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1645111      5.39%     62.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  690826      2.26%     64.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1020273      3.34%     68.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1579141      5.17%     73.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  591180      1.94%     75.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  822919      2.70%     78.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6675967     21.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.510688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4051436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15905970                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6028752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4438983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                109548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77364570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                109548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5794662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5697391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8666432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10266656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              76803060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               228710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9167236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                     9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           82545480                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            182516535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60377363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         74485359                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70822672                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11722889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23725301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9479482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2115279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           427605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          157125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76099348                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70784260                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                4                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9904214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14396111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.318159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.960481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6304964     20.65%     20.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6161954     20.18%     40.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5687509     18.63%     59.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4796215     15.71%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3025416      9.91%     85.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1956782      6.41%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1576082      5.16%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             689559      2.26%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             336208      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     16      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               106057     99.81%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   183      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6246      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36808056     52.00%     52.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22953382     32.43%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1987325      2.81%     87.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1479029      2.09%     89.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6920132      9.78%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        630090      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70784260                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.318159                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     106256                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001501                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97636315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37342538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33470014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74573153                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          48661138                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37068364                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33544662                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37339608                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          421300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1329514                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          114                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                109548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3316987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               116941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76099348                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9479482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2115279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                103558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           114                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         66650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44898                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              111548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70562706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8888640                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           221553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10997258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4731700                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2108618                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.310903                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70552198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70538378                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52563286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92610308                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.310106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.567575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9904214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           109434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29262348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.262129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.865459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10959961     37.45%     37.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7520047     25.70%     63.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1064576      3.64%     66.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2921680      9.98%     76.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1137174      3.89%     80.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217962      0.74%     81.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       424857      1.45%     82.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       535398      1.83%     84.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4480693     15.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29262348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37284988                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66195217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10257334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8149972                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4631907                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  34227837                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 41093834                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              630075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6016      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34407396     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21524471     32.52%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1957851      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1477283      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6192121      9.35%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       630079      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66195217                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4480693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   100881086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  153471147                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37284988                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66195217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.818954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.818954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.221070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.221070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56322985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28607095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64666269                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33198040                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20707891                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13455416                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24121829                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1103285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            76.969792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42383474                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42383474                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8470509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8470509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2107362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2107362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10577871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10577871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10577871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10577871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1434967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1434967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1434967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1434967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1434967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8484923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8484923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2107362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2107362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10592285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10592285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10592285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10592285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99553.697794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99553.697794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99553.697794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99553.697794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99553.697794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99553.697794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1414549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1414549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1414549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98684.875122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98684.875122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98684.875122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98684.875122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98684.875122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98684.875122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         24887444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        24887444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6221861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6221861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6221861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6221861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6221861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6221861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6221861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6221861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6221861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6221861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6221861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6221861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14314                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    243658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   243658                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13495                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13495                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1392832500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1392832500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1392832500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1392832500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1392832500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1392832500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13495                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13495                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97305.609892                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97305.609892                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97305.609892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97305.609892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97305.609892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97305.609892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1249692500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249692500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1249692500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249692500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1249692500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249692500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87305.609892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87305.609892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87305.609892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87305.609892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87305.609892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87305.609892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28628                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14314                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1787520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1787520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1787520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14314    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            86637500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76249750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28668                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14334                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 43002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1781056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1781056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14314                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    871424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28648    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21501000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
