
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10488665413875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115579036                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215901337                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285445517                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6181860327                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11547701025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9988224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10008640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9897408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9897408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1337233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654221449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655558683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1337233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1337233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648273067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648273067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648273067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1337233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654221449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303831749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154647                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154647                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10008704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9897472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10008704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9897408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154647                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    728.347164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.112441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.912417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1887      6.90%      6.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2394      8.76%     15.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1975      7.23%     22.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1560      5.71%     28.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1842      6.74%     35.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1290      4.72%     40.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1413      5.17%     45.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1387      5.08%     50.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13582     49.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.190807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.847279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             35      0.36%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.92%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9343     96.73%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           128      1.33%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            37      0.38%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             6      0.06%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.197541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9627     99.67%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2882160750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5814398250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18429.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37179.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140737                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49086.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97496700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51820725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559940220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              403615620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1493186250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62429280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2086025580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       327404160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1584213840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7414835295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.666350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11830030750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41857500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6402849750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    852621500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3078163875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4574559500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97639500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51896625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556655820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403646940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502478960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65440800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2081932980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       314755200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1585843620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7406503125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.120599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11754959500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47603000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6416607375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    819725500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101467250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4565695000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1295288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1295288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6015                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1287998                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3455                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               731                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1287998                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1254989                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33009                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4238                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     429110                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1282672                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          728                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2654                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47154                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5748829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1295288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1258444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431934                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          856                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.645968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28757481     94.27%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49697      0.16%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   52298      0.17%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  291356      0.96%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   31814      0.10%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8409      0.03%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8876      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29825      0.10%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1277153      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  400536                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28636001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   680167                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               783943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11619032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  682957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 231342                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1180684                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28392694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11588497                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28093400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14868071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24381066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13347706                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305460                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14627348                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  240723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4833635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              438777                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1289978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20524                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17871                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11533111                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11477047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         156453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           625                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.376211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.266167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27422308     89.89%     89.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             486959      1.60%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540919      1.77%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             352235      1.15%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             301081      0.99%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1028810      3.37%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             148708      0.49%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             196189      0.64%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29700      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  93230     95.53%     95.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  477      0.49%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   723      0.74%     96.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  205      0.21%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2767      2.84%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             190      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4115      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9673609     84.29%     84.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  80      0.00%     84.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  268      0.00%     84.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83327      0.73%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              385285      3.36%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1245765     10.85%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46412      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38186      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11477047                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.375869                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      97592                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008503                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53185596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11484667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11272241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             374834                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205806                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183689                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11381439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189085                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1959                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22045                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          184                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          484                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               147809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11533846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               438777                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1289978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   354                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               147295                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           184                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5933                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11463005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               428942                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1711580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1271245                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1282638                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.375409                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11458924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11455930                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8384655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11610126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.375178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.722185                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         156680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.373251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27503210     90.23%     90.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       360527      1.18%     91.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322751      1.06%     92.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1119729      3.67%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63763      0.21%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       641513      2.10%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        93067      0.31%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27274      0.09%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       350030      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5582108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11377393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1694749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       416732                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1265066                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11280398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2242      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9598685     84.37%     84.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81431      0.72%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         372535      3.27%     88.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1240333     10.90%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11377393                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               350030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41665907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23093672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            273                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27779                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5582108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11377393                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.470100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.470100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.182812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.182812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13145111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8755944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285024                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144837                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6342777                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5816842                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4260554                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1608551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.302177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6972829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6972829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       422533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         422533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1123188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1123188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1545721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1545721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1545721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1545721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    335884500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335884500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13974330998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13974330998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14310215498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14310215498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14310215498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14310215498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       426126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       426126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1278047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1278047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1704173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1704173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1704173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1704173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93483.022544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93483.022544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90239.062618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90239.062618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90312.621475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90312.621475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90312.621475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90312.621475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    97.445783                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135914500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135914500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13818618499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13818618499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13954532999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13954532999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13954532999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13954532999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105196.981424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105196.981424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89240.466389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89240.466389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89372.501419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89372.501419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89372.501419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89372.501419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.055000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46362500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46362500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46362500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46362500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46362500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46362500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63510.273973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63510.273973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63510.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63510.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63510.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63510.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63463.455150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63463.455150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63463.455150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63463.455150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63463.455150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63463.455150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156906                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       59.588174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.321013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16287.090812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9529                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2664466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2664466                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          597                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              597                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            281                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                281                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1245                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1245                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13586061000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13586061000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34330000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34330000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13719483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13753813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13719483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13753813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          597                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          597                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          600                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            600                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.531667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.963622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.531667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.531667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87752.780613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87752.780613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107617.554859                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107617.554859                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107166.265060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107166.265060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107617.554859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87907.648638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87947.853388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107617.554859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87907.648638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87947.853388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154647                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154647                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1245                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12037841000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12037841000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31140000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31140000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120972000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120972000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12158813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12189953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12158813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12189953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77752.780613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77752.780613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97617.554859                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97617.554859                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97166.265060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97166.265060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97617.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77907.648638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77947.853388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97617.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77907.648638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77947.853388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156257                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19906112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19906112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19906112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156386    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931725500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822449250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313478                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156737                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           99                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            761                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          761                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19926016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20002816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156908                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9897536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312787     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    860      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312546000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234206999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
