
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10122249154875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               83929319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                156519509                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              210777525                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    72.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6079287802                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11337246197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12645440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12645440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828267176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828267176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1165363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1165363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1165363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828267176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829432539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197585                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        278                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197585                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      278                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12642944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12645440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267349000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197585                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  278                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.643143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.553439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.863986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40981     41.97%     41.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45444     46.54%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9704      9.94%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1373      1.41%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11589.764706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11398.724845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2336.838076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            6     35.29%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            4     23.53%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3     17.65%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      5.88%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4798822000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8502809500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  987730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24292.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43042.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99935                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     232                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77161.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349453020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185738685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               705739020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1645287330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24521760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5171163120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97969440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385306695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.730802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11596012250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    255113750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151875750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11340912625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347775120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184831680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704739420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1294560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1641621660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24490560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5167206180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104419680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9381073260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.453515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11602185500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9581000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271579000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3145971000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11330613125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1299749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1299749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            50738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              989616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6057                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         989616                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            565566                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          424050                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14215                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     628517                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      39372                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137169                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          689                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1115567                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4700                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1136915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3745092                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1299749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            599041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29258570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 104666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        38780                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1110867                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.246538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.250819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29011043     95.15%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14890      0.05%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  564383      1.85%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18267      0.06%     97.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  108009      0.35%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   44818      0.15%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75233      0.25%     97.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17904      0.06%     97.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  635713      2.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.122650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  538677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28955284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   667758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               276208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 52333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6158172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 52333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  615830                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27731207                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   794762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1286277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5922067                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                66254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                967314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                281817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7051388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16542222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7706202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25520                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2619024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4432372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1804491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1094414                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              55239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5661195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4073323                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3183                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3475638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7311393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2506                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.133594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.655417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28746164     94.28%     94.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             726253      2.38%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             375680      1.23%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             254283      0.83%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             239336      0.78%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              61940      0.20%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              54544      0.18%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17927      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14133      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6691     66.38%     66.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  790      7.84%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2323     23.05%     97.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  184      1.83%     99.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               25      0.25%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              67      0.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13195      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3350486     82.25%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 674      0.02%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6183      0.15%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9851      0.24%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              649605     15.95%     98.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              41769      1.03%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1267      0.03%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           293      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4073323                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.133400                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10080                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002475                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38626214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9117946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3925064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23955                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             21398                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10770                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4057895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12313                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       673160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1215                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 52333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26000210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               263862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5663701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1094414                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               55239                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               955                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                68276                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30113                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27457                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               57570                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4013710                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               628354                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            59613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      667717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  492938                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     39363                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.131448                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3947585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3935834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2850530                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4531618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.128897                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3476407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            52330                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29998467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.484940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29015440     96.72%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       460334      1.53%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109893      0.37%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304339      1.01%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48183      0.16%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23243      0.08%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3681      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2927      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30427      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29998467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1094490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2188075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        439311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       421254                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    402301                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7202                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2180840                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2125      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1735285     79.31%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            127      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5071      0.23%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6156      0.28%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         420208     19.20%     99.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18057      0.83%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1046      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2188075                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                30427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35632522                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11821638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1094490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2188075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.898554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.898554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4001677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3405576                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19349                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9580                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2594024                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1082841                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2143960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             239047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.057599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2787580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2787580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       224666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         224666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       241975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          241975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       241975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         241975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       397665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       397665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       398413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        398413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       398413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       398413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34254934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34254934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25819499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25819499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34280753499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34280753499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34280753499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34280753499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       622331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       622331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       640388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       640388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       640388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       640388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.638993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.638993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041424                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041424                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.622143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.622143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.622143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.622143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86140.178291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86140.178291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34518.046791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34518.046791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86043.260383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86043.260383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86043.260383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86043.260383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              815                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.493252                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       172381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       172384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       172384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340211500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340211500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24968499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24968499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19365179999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19365179999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19365179999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19365179999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041258                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041258                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85848.136130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85848.136130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33514.763758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33514.763758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85675.643386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85675.643386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85675.643386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85675.643386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4443468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4443468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1110867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1110867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1110867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1110867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1110867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1110867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1110867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1110867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1110867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197585                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      247146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.250834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.979362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.020638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3812017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3812017                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         27874                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             27874                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                28444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               28444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17615000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17615000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18684285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18684285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18701900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18701900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18701900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18701900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       225284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        225284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.234899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876272                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.876272                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.874158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.874158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.874158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.874158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100657.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100657.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94647.105010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94647.105010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94652.428069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94652.428069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94652.428069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94652.428069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  278                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       278                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197410                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197410                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15865000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15865000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16710205000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16710205000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16726070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16726070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16726070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16726070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.874158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.874158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.874158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.874158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90657.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90657.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84647.206322                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84647.206322                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84652.529291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84652.529291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84652.529291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84652.529291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395164                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197584                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12663104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12663104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12663104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197585    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466727000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067309250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       452058                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226027                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          477                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            225283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          421447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       225284                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       678086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                678086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14586688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14586688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197585                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           423614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 423131     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    483      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             423614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          227918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339042000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
