
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10671873543375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              119342848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                223132913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              291613054                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6248169259                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11682077938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10035456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10060608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9983616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9983616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1647438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657315111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658962549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1647438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1647438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       653919629                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            653919629                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       653919629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1647438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657315111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312882178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155994                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155994                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10060544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9984192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10060544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9983616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            10006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155994                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    728.841830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   567.687665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.742411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1967      7.15%      7.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2671      9.71%     16.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1731      6.29%     23.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1664      6.05%     29.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1424      5.18%     34.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1391      5.06%     39.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1373      4.99%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1488      5.41%     49.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13793     50.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.140218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.084999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.667102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.46%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           103      1.06%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9427     96.77%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           112      1.15%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            10      0.10%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.231297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9699     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               11      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2903653750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5851078750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18471.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37221.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       653.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    653.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48747.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98075040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52131915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561111180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406382220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1509895230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62948160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2073662850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       328754400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1581310080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7424846985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.322108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11783475250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42436250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6388378625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    856081500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547564750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98289240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52238175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               561275400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407927340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1510163130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63296640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2085614610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       305556000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589159880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7421537295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.105326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11790738000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317032000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6421310250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    795748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115133625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4573679000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1253176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1253176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1244529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1244529                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204448                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40081                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5122                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351541                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1237474                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          900                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2687                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53333                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          330                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             77883                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5504665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1253176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1208844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1366                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.364029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.616889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28881991     94.69%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39952      0.13%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42868      0.14%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224912      0.74%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27801      0.09%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8992      0.03%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10042      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25186      0.08%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1238739      4.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041041                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  389615                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28710940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               750438                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11033957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  666406                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 271007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18064                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1114412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28423053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10998047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28129490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14011353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23268141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12658870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           311596                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13723935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  287418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4765621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1246366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20846                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10931798                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                893                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10864375                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       274654                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           766                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.356203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.225150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27539627     90.29%     90.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             474147      1.55%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             525524      1.72%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349054      1.14%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             299230      0.98%     95.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1000406      3.28%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119515      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167862      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25118      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73278     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  482      0.62%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   767      0.99%     95.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  208      0.27%     96.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2799      3.60%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             246      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4655      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9181346     84.51%     84.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 116      0.00%     84.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  345      0.00%     84.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84218      0.78%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308043      2.84%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1197541     11.02%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46563      0.43%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41548      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10864375                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.355804                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77780                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51925228                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10910787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10650872                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384091                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            211171                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188185                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10743758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193742                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14677                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          657                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  62789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               171426                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10932691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1246366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   435                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               170820                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1978                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10847487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1588806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1223825                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1237432                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.355251                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10842645                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10839057                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7902185                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11052300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.354975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         189328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.352597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27604908     90.60%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341913      1.12%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324410      1.06%     92.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1082855      3.55%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66118      0.22%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       663529      2.18%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72724      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22398      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291137      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5307023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10743641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1568633                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336944                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1216228                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184351                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10645899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2368      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9090240     84.61%     84.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82035      0.76%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292623      2.72%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1190687     11.08%     99.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44321      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10743641                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               291137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41111824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21896996                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5307023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10743641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.753638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.753638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12413295                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8230790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290405                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145931                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6102511                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5455158                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4044297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.992573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6474394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6474394                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1076390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1076390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1420030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1420030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1420030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1420030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    390231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14019616999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14019616999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14409847999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14409847999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14409847999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14409847999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1231721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1231721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1579385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1579385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1579385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1579385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96975.894632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96975.894632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90256.400841                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90256.400841                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90426.080129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90426.080129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90426.080129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90426.080129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    98.891753                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13862907999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13862907999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14027015999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14027015999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14027015999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14027015999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126098                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106563.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106563.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89254.999414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89254.999414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89424.932098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89424.932098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89424.932098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89424.932098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              87347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           118.839456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           213191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          213191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61156.424581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61156.424581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61156.424581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61156.424581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61156.424581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61156.424581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61981.055480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61981.055480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61981.055480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61981.055480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61981.055480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61981.055480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157847                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.953139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.693366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16300.353495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2679095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2679095                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155897                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            342                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                342                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          393                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              393                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13629660500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13629660500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41085000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41085000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161394000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161394000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13791054500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13832139500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13791054500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13832139500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155897                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534694                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.534694                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.534694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.534694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87766.254548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87766.254548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104541.984733                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104541.984733                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106954.274354                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106954.274354                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104541.984733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87950.910053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87992.388532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104541.984733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87950.910053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87992.388532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155994                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155994                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          393                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12076710500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12076710500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37155000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37155000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146304000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146304000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12223014500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12260169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12223014500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12260169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77766.254548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77766.254548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94541.984733                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94541.984733                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96954.274354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96954.274354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94541.984733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77950.910053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77992.388532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94541.984733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77950.910053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77992.388532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314473                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157294                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155294                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20044224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20044224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20044224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157196    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826824250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315186                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157608                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          102                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            654                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          654                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20016064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20110144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157851                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9983872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314669     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    775      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235283000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
