
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2198497554000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16796028                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30521095                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52148281                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   292.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4917337924                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8935597461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1115392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1115904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1041280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1041280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             33536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73057369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              73090905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        68203087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             68203087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        68203087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            33536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73057369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            141293992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17436                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16270                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17436                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1115776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1041024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1115904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1041280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267945000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17436                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16270                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.196780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.735619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    50.096122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        16849     70.45%     70.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5326     22.27%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1143      4.78%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          399      1.67%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383           99      0.41%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           51      0.21%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           25      0.10%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           11      0.05%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            7      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.578891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.513762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.563546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.32%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              101     10.77%     11.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              117     12.47%     23.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              227     24.20%     47.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              251     26.76%     74.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              144     15.35%     89.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               62      6.61%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               24      2.56%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                7      0.75%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                1      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.341151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.311865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.998842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              320     34.12%     34.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      2.13%     36.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              556     59.28%     95.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               42      4.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    479562250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               806449750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   87170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27507.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46257.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        73.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        68.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     73.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     68.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6289                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3501                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 36.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     452974.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 77975940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 41452785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                56670180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               38601900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1227436080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1051494390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33103200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4305171240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1238370720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         87193980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8158022085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            534.344547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12873785500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     519670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    207917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3225142750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1844533125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9441199500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 92741460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49304640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                67808580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               46306620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1031875560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31682400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4586348250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1055371680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         46018020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8222604330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.574638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12922118375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     514230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    115798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2748443250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1808414250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10058017625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13198246                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13198246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1347087                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11050617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1082103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11050617                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2691317                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8359300                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       879649                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6994932                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2423617                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        80691                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        14252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6534812                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7358375                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56257188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13198246                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3773420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21814394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2696012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12350                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6532703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               310235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.015293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12178851     39.89%     39.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  531824      1.74%     41.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  907238      2.97%     44.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1339843      4.39%     48.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  609632      2.00%     50.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1147841      3.76%     54.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  993734      3.25%     58.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  502770      1.65%     59.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12322135     40.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.842403                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5557191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8447049                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13727895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1453727                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1348006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109958889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1348006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6621921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6958347                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        224517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13906373                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1474704                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102955309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                36615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                786250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                446164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115694862                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255844575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140507502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19096597                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             49151480                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66543358                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         32945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3448580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9477109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3339020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           168469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          174122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89582988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             220359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71516634                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           666172                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47308279                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68472075                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        220280                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.342207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.592354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13170295     43.13%     43.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2240380      7.34%     50.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2803217      9.18%     59.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2342085      7.67%     67.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2371037      7.77%     75.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2254898      7.38%     82.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2649034      8.68%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1632653      5.35%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1070269      3.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1455807     92.92%     92.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82991      5.30%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3669      0.23%     98.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1568      0.10%     98.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22286      1.42%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             410      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1813684      2.54%      2.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54404525     76.07%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2760      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                78748      0.11%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4981438      6.97%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5215679      7.29%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2628673      3.68%     96.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2389856      3.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1271      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71516634                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.342144                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1566731                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021907                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160653440                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119409993                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60608641                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15146598                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17701882                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6752377                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63687820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7581861                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          249281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5666535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3944                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1599083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3622                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1348006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6168425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10891                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89803347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            48855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9477109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3339020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             89904                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3503                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        410615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1692504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68510448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6959868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3006185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9382952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6315258                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2423084                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.243692                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67900996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67361018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49864444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88892606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.206049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47308368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1347845                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23369942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.818364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.427541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10682607     45.71%     45.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3068432     13.13%     58.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3481307     14.90%     73.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1891506      8.09%     81.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       960759      4.11%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       789404      3.38%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       322732      1.38%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322520      1.38%     92.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1850675      7.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23369942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19291468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42495052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5550511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3810573                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4439552                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3194132                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39770864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              386669                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       720024      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33764275     79.45%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            220      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           52414      0.12%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2407608      5.67%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3035929      7.14%     94.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1739938      4.09%     98.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       774644      1.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42495052                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1850675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111322687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186902646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19291468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42495052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.582808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.582808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.631789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.631789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                88004918                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51786344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10695128                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6345037                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36664698                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18060849                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22269870                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             525179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.576540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33649245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33649245                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6646355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6646355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1729190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1729190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8375545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8375545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8375545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8375545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        20915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         31826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        31826                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        31826                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1424118500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1424118500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1021471500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1021471500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2445590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2445590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2445590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2445590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6667270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6667270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1740101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8407371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8407371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8407371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8407371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68090.772173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68090.772173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93618.504262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93618.504262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76842.518695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76842.518695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76842.518695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76842.518695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           73                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    781067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    972264500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    972264500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1753331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1753331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83688.738884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83688.738884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93128.783525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93128.783525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88673.013706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88673.013706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88673.013706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88673.013706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.766478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             114702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           118.127703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.766478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26131795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26131795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6531674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6531674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6531674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6531674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6531674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6531674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6532703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6532703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6532703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13340.136054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13340.136054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13340.136054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13340.136054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13340.136054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13340.136054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12364500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12364500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12578.331638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12578.331638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12578.331638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12578.331638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12578.331638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12578.331638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17445                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.204815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       18.294053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        27.156365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16338.549582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          977                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    348965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   348965                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          971                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              971                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               114                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   114                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            963                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                963                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2219                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2219                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17436                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    955269000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     955269000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       753500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       753500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    743368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    743368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1698637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1699390500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1698637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1699390500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          971                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          971                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          971                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            971                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                20732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               20732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989068                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989068                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.008239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.762242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.008239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.881939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.841019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.008239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.881939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.841019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92618.673647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.673647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94187.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94187.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104493.674445                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104493.674445                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94187.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97465.974294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97464.470062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94187.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97465.974294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97464.470062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16270                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16270                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    852129000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    852129000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       673500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       673500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    672228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       673500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1524357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1525030500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       673500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1524357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1525030500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.841019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82618.673647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82618.673647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84187.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84187.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94493.674445                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94493.674445                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87465.974294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87464.470062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87465.974294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87464.470062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34858                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17422                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2157184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2157184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2157184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17436    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           104042500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           94610750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        41488                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20731                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           60                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             24                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 62232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       124288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2406208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2530496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17457                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1042048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046562                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38118     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     83      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39551000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1474500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29647500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
