
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1175585497625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9223431                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 16984105                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54870414                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1246220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   278.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2566360932                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4725719235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         851904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             856320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           13311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               13380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         12756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              12756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            289245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          55799096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              56088341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       289245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           289245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        53472562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             53472562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        53472562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           289245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         55799096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            109560902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       13380                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      12756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     13380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    12756                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 856320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  815744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  856320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               816384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15209604000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 13380                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                12756                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   13262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    291.638647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.278985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   288.438409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2303     40.16%     40.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          808     14.09%     54.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          568      9.91%     64.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1337     23.32%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      0.96%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      0.98%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.70%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      1.48%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          482      8.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.808720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.242251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      8.823782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             15      2.11%      2.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           688     96.77%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             1      0.14%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             1      0.14%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.14%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.14%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.14%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.926864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.922092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.401050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27      3.80%      3.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.42%      4.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              677     95.22%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                3      0.42%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    335166250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               586041250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   66900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25049.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43799.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        56.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        53.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     56.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     53.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     9660                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   10734                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     581940.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18356940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9756945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                47252520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               33909120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1020917040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            575130000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             52188480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3064648890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1055345280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1213669500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7091381445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            464.480357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13825943500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     89946250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     433576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4400704125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2748370500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     873985750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6720761500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22569540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12003585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                48280680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               32625000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1119259440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            674913630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             51031680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3330691260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1217578560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        922665660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7431764835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.775223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13610910250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85261500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     475254000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3179119875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3170856500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1052748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7304103500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5314857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5314857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            95908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4299714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 700616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               277                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4299714                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2603072                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1696642                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          854                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9124358                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2124639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          526                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           44                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6331240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            9                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    5                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6384155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46857895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5314857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3303688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24049461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 192070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6331237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                45537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30529659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.676516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.367433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16620290     54.44%     54.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  736440      2.41%     56.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1687481      5.53%     62.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  690264      2.26%     64.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1004844      3.29%     67.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1590252      5.21%     73.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  584394      1.91%     75.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  871637      2.86%     77.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6744057     22.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30529659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.174060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.534579                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3914809                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15940062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6047383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4531370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 96035                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              78623152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 96035                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5722533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5399776                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8679356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10630937                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              78164102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               379768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9317044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           84315339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            185963178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        61372168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75834113                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             73432144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10883106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                18                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            20                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 24644251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9640452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2128329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           423465                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          161634                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  77567063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 72632445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9223709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13306702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           160                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30529659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.379078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.982095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5950993     19.49%     19.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6116198     20.03%     39.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5818354     19.06%     58.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4846915     15.88%     74.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2967270      9.72%     84.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2068763      6.78%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1634879      5.36%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             693671      2.27%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             432616      1.42%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30529659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7586      6.25%      6.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      6.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      6.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               106509     87.81%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   232      0.19%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   45      0.04%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             6888      5.68%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              34      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6339      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37983111     52.29%     52.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  18      0.00%     52.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    5      0.00%     52.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           23415358     32.24%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1937142      2.67%     87.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1483901      2.04%     89.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        7165000      9.86%     99.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        641571      0.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              72632445                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.378686                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     121294                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          99342158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37950084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34346630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           76574156                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          48841031                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38097836                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              34400170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               38347230                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          418168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1223169                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           47                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 96035                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3000710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               106901                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           77567270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9640452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2128329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                80                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 91970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2565                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         53381                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               96277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             72454641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9100115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           177802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11224750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4835671                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2124635                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.372863                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      72449770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     72444466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54298453                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 95587953                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.372530                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.568047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9223742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             47                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            95909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29348617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.328678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.897875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10720946     36.53%     36.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7531380     25.66%     62.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1029480      3.51%     65.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3001371     10.23%     75.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1186153      4.04%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       207404      0.71%     80.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       449731      1.53%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508198      1.73%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4713954     16.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29348617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            38693883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              68343489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10539629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8417279                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         28                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4742024                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  35409777                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 42428204                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              609164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5785      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        35722541     52.27%     52.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             17      0.00%     52.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     52.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      22075517     32.30%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1925316      2.82%     87.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1480933      2.17%     89.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6491963      9.50%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       641417      0.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         68343489                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4713954                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   102201894                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  156315698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           5029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38693883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     68343489                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.789135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.789135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.267211                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.267211                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                57743125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29420868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 66750488                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                34141137                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 21425796                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                14063400                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24718463                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1015698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            76.116457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         43326128                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        43326128                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8692385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8692385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2122296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2122296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10814681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10814681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10814681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10814681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        13459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        13515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        13515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1306878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1306878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5501500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5501500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1312379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1312379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1312379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1312379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8705844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8705844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2122352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2122352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10828196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10828196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10828196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10828196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97100.676127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97100.676127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98241.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98241.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97105.401406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97105.401406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97105.401406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97105.401406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1276235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5418500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5418500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1281653500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281653500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1281653500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281653500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96036.947852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96036.947852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98518.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98518.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96047.174760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96047.174760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96047.174760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96047.174760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               99                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1728022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         17454.767677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25325047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25325047                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6331123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6331123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6331123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6331123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6331123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6331123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9931500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9931500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9931500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9931500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9931500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9931500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6331237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6331237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6331237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6331237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6331237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6331237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87118.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87118.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87118.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87118.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87118.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87118.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8788500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8788500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88772.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88772.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     13459                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     13459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        6.331333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         5.585188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.083479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7855                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    228547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   228547                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           99                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               99                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             30                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 30                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  33                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data              55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               69                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           13256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              13311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  13380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                69                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             13311                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 13380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5333000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       5333000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8321500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      8321500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1255943000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1255943000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1261276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1269597500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1261276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1269597500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           99                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           99                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data            55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             99                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               99                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            13344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                13443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              99                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           13344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               13443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.696970                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.696970                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.696970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.997527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.696970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.997527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96963.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96963.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120601.449275                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120601.449275                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94745.247435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94745.247435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120601.449275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94754.413643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94887.705531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120601.449275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94754.413643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94887.705531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        13256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         13311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             13380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            13380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4783000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4783000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7631500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7631500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1123383000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123383000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1128166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1135797500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7631500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1128166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1135797500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.696970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.696970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.696970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86963.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86963.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110601.449275                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110601.449275                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84745.247435                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84745.247435                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110601.449275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84754.413643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84887.705531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110601.449275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84754.413643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84887.705531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         26839                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        13459                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        40219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        40219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1672704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1672704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1672704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             13380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   13380    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               13380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            81214500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           71279250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        26886                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        13451                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              55                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 40329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1657536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1670208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           13459                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    816384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            26902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  26894     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      8      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              26902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           26097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            148500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          20016000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
