
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10687140887500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115223553                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                215447054                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              281294435                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6253792601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11693454975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9976448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9996480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9898240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9898240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1312082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653450130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654762211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1312082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1312082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648327562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648327562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648327562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1312082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653450130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303089774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9996480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9898496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9996544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9898240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.909363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   566.182914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.381880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2076      7.57%      7.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2282      8.33%     15.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2070      7.55%     23.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1677      6.12%     29.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1424      5.20%     34.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1530      5.58%     40.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1400      5.11%     45.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1418      5.17%     50.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13529     49.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.167581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.117103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.589031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.92%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9352     96.80%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           122      1.26%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            36      0.37%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.186298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9636     99.74%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2877307750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5805964000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18421.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37171.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140709                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49113.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98574840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52393770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561675240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405734940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1528167720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62692320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089618290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       322945440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1566533640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7443114120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.518593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11716741375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42860750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6329350625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    841078500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151633000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4582571250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97104000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51612000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553557060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401611140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744943680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1497112410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66965760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066410740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       315863520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1596848340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7392028650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.172531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11809702000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52675500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6455643250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    822501500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3089234625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4531557250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1326521                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1326521                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1318693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3451                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               720                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1318693                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1285719                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32974                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4282                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346431                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1313751                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          659                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2615                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          245                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5792314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1326521                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1289170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30429595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          957                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.658690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28826523     94.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30704      0.10%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   33664      0.11%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224098      0.73%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26604      0.09%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   16782      0.06%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   17154      0.06%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24467      0.08%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1305565      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.189696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  415898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28619171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   639173                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               825018                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11620934                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  699246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 226236                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1179860                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28381449                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11590458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28080931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14766900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24499963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13297551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306900                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14523440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  243460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5101811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              356057                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1321165                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18241                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11535022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11478232                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           604                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.376267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.252561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27395408     89.80%     89.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             459452      1.51%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             547738      1.80%     93.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             372002      1.22%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             356825      1.17%     95.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1081355      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117620      0.39%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             133785      0.44%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              41376      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47319     91.64%     91.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     91.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     91.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  453      0.88%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   693      1.34%     93.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      0.37%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2797      5.42%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             182      0.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4169      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9726357     84.74%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  267      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83335      0.73%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302587      2.64%     88.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1276835     11.12%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46417      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38180      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11478232                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.375908                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      51636                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004499                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53140401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11487491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11273275                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375069                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            207134                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183815                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11336500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189199                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               142600                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11535736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               356057                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1321165                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               313                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   394                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142046                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11464198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1659971                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1302354                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1313712                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.375448                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11460054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11457090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8372305                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11763253                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.375216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         158949                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.373261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.275160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27443577     90.04%     90.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       353658      1.16%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       313886      1.03%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1172491      3.85%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66049      0.22%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       762818      2.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        55488      0.18%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30496      0.10%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       281681      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5623342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11377037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1642878                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333856                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1296094                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11280043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2241      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9650201     84.82%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81431      0.72%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289659      2.55%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1271338     11.17%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11377037                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               281681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41734449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23097839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5623342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11377037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.429990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.429990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184162                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184162                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13094382                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8694737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285301                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144973                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6498634                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5775621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4271327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155937                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.643176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6765837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6765837                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1154388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1154388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1494213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1494213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1494213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1494213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    333196500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333196500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13961644499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13961644499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14294840999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14294840999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14294840999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14294840999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1309052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1309052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1652475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1652475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1652475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1652475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.118150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92606.031128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92606.031128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90270.809620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90270.809620                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90323.899603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90323.899603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90323.899603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90323.899603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12386                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.073529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134350500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134350500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13806542500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13806542500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104879.391101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104879.391101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89271.440857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89271.440857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89399.656276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89399.656276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89399.656276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89399.656276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.552066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62077.939234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62077.939234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62077.939234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62077.939234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62077.939234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62077.939234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37731500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37731500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62160.626030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62160.626030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62160.626030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62160.626030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62160.626030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62160.626030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156718                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       62.476424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.498778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16285.024798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661206                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154884                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            292                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                292                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13574321000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13574321000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33738000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33738000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    131969500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    131969500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13706290500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13740028500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13706290500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13740028500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154884                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            605                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.517355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.517355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971116                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971116                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.517355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.517355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87781.276271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87781.276271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107789.137380                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107789.137380                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106084.807074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106084.807074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107789.137380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87927.345685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87967.146836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107789.137380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87927.345685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87967.146836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154660                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154660                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12027941000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12027941000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30608000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30608000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119529500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119529500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12147470500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12178078500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12147470500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12178078500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.517355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.517355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.517355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77781.276271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77781.276271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97789.137380                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97789.137380                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96084.807074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96084.807074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97789.137380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77927.345685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77967.146836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97789.137380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77927.345685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77967.146836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312255                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19894720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19894720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19894720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156196    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821549750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            755                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          755                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19892544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19969984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156720                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9898368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312414     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    850      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
