
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10763477608125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              113391873                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                212101047                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              275595613                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    55.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6281639230                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11749893886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9966912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9992192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9921280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9921280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1655822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652825529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654481350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1655822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1655822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649836666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649836666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649836666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1655822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652825529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304318016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156129                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155020                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156129                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155020                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9992192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9920704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9992256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9921280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267312000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156129                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155020                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    720.579555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   558.292903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.636825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2101      7.60%      7.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2562      9.27%     16.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2189      7.92%     24.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1509      5.46%     30.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1291      4.67%     34.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1464      5.30%     40.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1650      5.97%     46.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1361      4.92%     51.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13508     48.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.128099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.073960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.645739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           106      1.10%      1.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9366     96.76%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           108      1.12%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            27      0.28%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.218294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9635     99.54%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.06%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.14%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893718000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5821118000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18534.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37284.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140976                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49067.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99310260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52784655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561810900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406904220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         757236480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1518177900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62800800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2097382260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       333883680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1561353180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7451644335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.077315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11717638250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44368250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6305455875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    869489250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127620500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4599490250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97989360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52090170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               552943020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402253200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1488175950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             61930080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2083005720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       325082880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590767580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7402332690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.847438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11842198000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41536250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316948125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6427826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    846571750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3066661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4567800250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1320560                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1320560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1310489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4206                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               886                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1310489                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1268360                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42129                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5438                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     476705                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1304221                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          844                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2655                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          292                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             90438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5964283                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1320560                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1272566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30400510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1276                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.394671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.667087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28685293     94.05%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   53475      0.18%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   57430      0.19%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  305137      1.00%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   36179      0.12%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12151      0.04%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   11976      0.04%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34106      0.11%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1304731      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043248                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.195328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  426296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28554598                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   710768                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               800737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11962349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707842                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 286747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17378                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1228590                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28251842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11923500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27944003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15293071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25164156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13749446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           452030                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14975789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  317282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               158                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4828213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              489095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1313333                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           25065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11851617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11778544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2332                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         203464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       295869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           714                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.386176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.284242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27341423     89.64%     89.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             503726      1.65%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             547698      1.80%     93.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             360869      1.18%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314975      1.03%     95.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1029183      3.37%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             160824      0.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             208184      0.68%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33596      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  98692     94.00%     94.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  586      0.56%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1118      1.06%     95.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  257      0.24%     95.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4131      3.93%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             210      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5601      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9862593     83.73%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  90      0.00%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  322      0.00%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             124075      1.05%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              410851      3.49%     88.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1251992     10.63%     98.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69233      0.59%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53787      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11778544                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.385743                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     104994                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53612571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11754303                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11480072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             552321                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            301879                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       270962                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11599376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 278561                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28714                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          262                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          694                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  73283                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               171371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11852479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               489095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1313333                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               170589                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           262                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11760318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               476468                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1780641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1289772                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1304173                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.385146                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11754898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11751034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8609345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11928921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.384842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721720                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         203791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30468119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27432374     90.04%     90.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       382616      1.26%     91.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326943      1.07%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1120543      3.68%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70372      0.23%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       628306      2.06%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        98655      0.32%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30544      0.10%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       377766      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30468119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5744984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11649015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1758950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       460381                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1281760                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    266219                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11504280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3229      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9764946     83.83%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        121540      1.04%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         394212      3.38%     88.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1245361     10.69%     98.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66169      0.57%     99.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53208      0.46%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11649015                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               377766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41943159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23738540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34210                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5744984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11649015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.315017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.315017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.188146                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.188146                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13488236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8938851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   422239                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  216196                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6432102                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5939501                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4368955                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.653906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7241535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7241535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       467833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         467833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1144509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1144509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1612342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1612342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1612342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1612342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    462672500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462672500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13911906997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13911906997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14374579497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14374579497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14374579497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14374579497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       472825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       472825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1298612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1298612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1771437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1771437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1771437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1771437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.118667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92682.792468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92682.792468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90276.678566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90276.678566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90352.176354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90352.176354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90352.176354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90352.176354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18339                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    95.020725                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   105.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13756948497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13756948497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940813497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940813497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940813497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940813497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108283.274441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108283.274441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89276.920412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89276.920412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89484.074799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89484.074799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89484.074799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89484.074799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.733996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.145161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.733996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           258168                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          258168                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62902.247191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62902.247191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62902.247191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62902.247191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62902.247191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62902.247191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            6                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46557500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46557500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46557500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46557500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46557500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46557500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62242.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62242.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62242.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62242.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62242.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62242.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156770                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.820429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.022775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16294.156796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661010                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154512                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154512                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13525533500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13525533500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41741000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41741000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180886000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    180886000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13706419500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13748160500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13706419500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13748160500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154512                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154512                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530914                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.530914                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.530914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.530914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87788.235867                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87788.235867                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105673.417722                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105673.417722                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108705.528846                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108705.528846                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105673.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88011.734753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88056.418090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105673.417722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88011.734753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88056.418090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155020                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155020                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11984833500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11984833500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37791000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37791000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164246000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164246000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12149079500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12186870500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12149079500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12186870500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77788.235867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77788.235867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95673.417722                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95673.417722                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98705.528846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98705.528846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95673.417722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78011.734753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.418090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95673.417722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78011.734753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.418090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312372                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156263                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19913536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19913536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19913536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156129    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933143500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821134250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313070                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156531                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          131                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            605                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          605                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19859136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19954368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156774                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9921536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312573     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    736      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311791000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233682999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
