
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8610782086500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               90698083                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                168922426                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              231934375                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    65.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5970301329                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11119508011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12570816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12570816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         823379358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             823379358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1261778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1261778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1261778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        823379358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            824641136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196420                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        301                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      301                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12568576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12570880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196420                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  301                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.449370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.309963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.854451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41220     42.39%     42.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44702     45.97%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9860     10.14%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1303      1.34%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10539.722222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10398.145543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1852.466807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.56%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            4     22.22%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.56%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     11.11%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     11.11%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4844192500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8526392500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  981920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24666.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43416.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       823.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    823.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77609.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346911180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184368690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699727140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1637325570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5166132300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108984480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9372717360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.906209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11611682875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9534000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    283448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3136435500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11328326375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347375280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184634340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               702454620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1378080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639936170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24253920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5211894180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        68444160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385679790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.755239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11606613625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    177984750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141954500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11428628875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1169302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1169302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            43905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              889832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  29800                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         889832                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            508553                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          381279                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        13532                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     576257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      34877                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       131742                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          607                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     988805                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2522                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1008573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3374299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1169302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            538353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29409956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  89428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        26114                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   986283                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30491781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.222538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.188213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29154182     95.61%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   12399      0.04%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  505009      1.66%     97.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19053      0.06%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  100116      0.33%     97.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   47133      0.15%     97.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72596      0.24%     98.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16030      0.05%     98.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  565263      1.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30491781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.038294                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.110507                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  469059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29128154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   584228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               265626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 44714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5599582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 44714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  542938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28017244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   707506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1169523                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5389047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                61655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                943451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                179122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6444456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15054127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7019369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27977                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2546717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3897736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1736684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              975992                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              51531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3491                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3626                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5151611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3765946                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3034788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6373544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30491781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.123507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.626570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28845883     94.60%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             707549      2.32%     96.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             357418      1.17%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             237500      0.78%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             207126      0.68%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              56736      0.19%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              50734      0.17%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16207      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12628      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30491781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7583     64.66%     64.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  742      6.33%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3023     25.78%     96.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  178      1.52%     98.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              138      1.18%     99.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              63      0.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10311      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3103052     82.40%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 896      0.02%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6638      0.18%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9622      0.26%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              595562     15.81%     98.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              37425      0.99%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2200      0.06%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           240      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3765946                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.123333                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11727                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003114                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38014937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8164665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3633051                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              25330                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24898                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10672                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3754338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13024                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3128                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       573385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        32500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           33                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1315                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 44714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26425477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               240509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5154773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               975992                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               51531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12030                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                46412                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         24813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        24439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               49252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3710752                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               576110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            55194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      610981                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  468660                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     34871                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.121526                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3653567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3643723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2607141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4224088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.119331                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3035299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            44712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30067453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.070508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.473794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29107730     96.81%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       447683      1.49%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112077      0.37%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       301863      1.00%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42359      0.14%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21044      0.07%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3483      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2709      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28505      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30067453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1061842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2119983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        421637                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       402606                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    385997                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7812                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2112161                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2338      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1683518     79.41%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            135      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5707      0.27%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6648      0.31%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         401442     18.94%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19031      0.90%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1164      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2119983                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                28505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35194230                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10735843                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          42908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1061842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2119983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.756339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.756339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.034775                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.034775                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3756441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3144506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18920                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9397                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2497182                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1048697                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1973288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           216612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             208774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           216612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.963815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2572808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2572808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       190436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         190436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       208717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          208717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       208717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         208717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       379582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       379582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          750                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          750                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       380332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        380332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       380332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       380332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33838180500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33838180500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26762499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26762499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33864942999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33864942999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33864942999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33864942999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       570018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       570018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       589049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       589049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       589049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       589049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.665912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.665912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.645671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.645671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.645671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.645671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89145.903915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89145.903915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35683.332000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35683.332000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89040.477790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89040.477790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89040.477790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89040.477790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11087                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              635                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.459843                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       163716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       163716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       163720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       163720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       163720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       163720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       215866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       216612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       216612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19201540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19201540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25689499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25689499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19227229499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227229499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19227229499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227229499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.378700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039199                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039199                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88951.201208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88951.201208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34436.325737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34436.325737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88763.454929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88763.454929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88763.454929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88763.454929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3945132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3945132                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       986283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         986283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       986283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          986283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       986283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         986283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       986283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       986283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       986283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       986283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       986283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196422                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      237617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.209727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.997538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.002462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3659774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3659774                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1934                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1934                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               565                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   565                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         19627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             19627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                20192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    20192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               20192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   20192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196239                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196239                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18368500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18368500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18648788500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18648788500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18667157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18667157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18667157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18667157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1934                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1934                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       215866                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        215866                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           216612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               216612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          216612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              216612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.242627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.909078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.906783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.906783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.906783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.906783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101483.425414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101483.425414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95031.000464                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95031.000464                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95036.946339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95036.946339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95036.946339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95036.946339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  301                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       301                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196239                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196239                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16558500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16558500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16686398500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16686398500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16702957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16702957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16702957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16702957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.906783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.906783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91483.425414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91483.425414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85031.000464                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85031.000464                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85036.946339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85036.946339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85036.946339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85036.946339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392835                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196420                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12590144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12590144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12590144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196420    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1061056250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       433224                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       216611                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          532                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            215866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          410799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       215866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       649836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                649836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13986944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               13986944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196422                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           413034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 412496     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    537      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             413034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          218546000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         324918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
