
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               152673441250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1273076                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2392716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55985110                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   272.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   347172532                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     652502487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         259136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             259264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       229952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          229952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16973221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16981605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15061690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15061690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15061690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16973221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32043294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4051                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3593                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3593                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 259264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  230400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  259264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               229952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4051                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3593                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.561667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.922728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   140.009639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4101     86.76%     86.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          275      5.82%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          118      2.50%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           60      1.27%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      1.04%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      0.99%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.59%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.44%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      0.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.089109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.796004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.885421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            16      7.92%      7.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           112     55.45%     63.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            45     22.28%     85.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             8      3.96%     89.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             3      1.49%     91.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      1.98%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.50%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             5      2.48%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             4      1.98%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.49%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.821782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.812680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.553524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               16      7.92%      7.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      1.98%      9.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              182     90.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    343948500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               419904750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     84904.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               103654.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2852                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1997454.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18328380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9737970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                15757980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10784520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1317788160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            539604180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             56487360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3295333020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2347412160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        297412260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7910844120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.154569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13930991125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     98307750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     559330000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    592347250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6112860875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     678023000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7226475250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15436680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8200995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13166160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8007480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1102049520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            430916580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             41709600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2802157620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1993994400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        809513340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7226032545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            473.299906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14210557875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     65293500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     467596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2873996250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5192477875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     523061500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6144919000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13213386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13213386                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1031173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11028724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 987919                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11028724                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3759449                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7269275                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       734003                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10097435                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7614561                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       116822                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        40804                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9016897                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        12484                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9708338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59562623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13213386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4747368                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19724102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2077662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56033                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9004413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               252039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.729067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.572226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12343296     40.42%     40.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  857650      2.81%     43.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1270370      4.16%     47.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1425050      4.67%     52.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1122538      3.68%     55.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1127970      3.69%     59.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1055546      3.46%     62.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  927914      3.04%     65.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10404083     34.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.950654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8660139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4197657                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15697720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               940070                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1038831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108511414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1038831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9405789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3094513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         36870                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15828858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1129556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103635236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 81048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    78                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                984933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110227169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261010770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155825318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3118876                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70487083                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39740131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1420                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1046712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11933175                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8932034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           502193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93856905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              52432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84214620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           429758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27926744                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40503417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         52409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.758023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.513136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9482022     31.05%     31.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2871155      9.40%     40.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3154971     10.33%     50.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3193786     10.46%     61.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3218881     10.54%     71.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2803523      9.18%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3135228     10.27%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1651150      5.41%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1023701      3.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 801940     73.36%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14672      1.34%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101812      9.31%     84.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88181      8.07%     92.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              498      0.05%     92.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86103      7.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           512003      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63815015     75.78%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76472      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87634      0.10%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1168272      1.39%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10242665     12.16%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7653068      9.09%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         384109      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        275382      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84214620                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.757998                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1093206                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012981                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196574172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118847009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78895602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3912454                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           2990183                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1780080                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82822008                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1973815                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1319183                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4028365                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11828                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3001                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2454973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           86                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1038831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3149113                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 4893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93909337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            15300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11933175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8932034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             18846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4666                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3001                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        297941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1066218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1364159                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81769297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10090610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2445328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17697816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8886037                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7607206                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.677915                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81239866                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80675682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56387562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88516306                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.642099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637030                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27927068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1038115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26349461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.504136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.745586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9124500     34.63%     34.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3852317     14.62%     49.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2699765     10.25%     59.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3669846     13.93%     73.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1141124      4.33%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1191078      4.52%     82.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       844728      3.21%     85.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       475841      1.81%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3350262     12.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26349461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34835632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65982622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14381876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7904814                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7670808                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1345731                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64971752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              477958                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       267999      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50181787     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56078      0.08%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78330      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1016552      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7620414     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6477062      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       284400      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65982622                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3350262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116908889                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192086267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             30                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            271                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34835632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65982622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.876536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.876536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.140854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.140854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118500935                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63182628                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2514376                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1241067                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41440564                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21648806                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35910601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             571502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           106.345739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60572986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60572986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8656678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8656678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6476879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6476879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15133557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15133557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15133557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15133557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    171434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    560479000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    560479000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    731913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    731913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    731913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    731913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8661576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8661576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6480327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6480327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15141903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15141903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15141903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15141903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35000.816660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35000.816660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162551.914153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162551.914153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87696.261682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87696.261682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87696.261682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87696.261682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93268500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93268500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    556165500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556165500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    649434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    649434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    649434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48076.546392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48076.546392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161770.069808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161770.069808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120757.530681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120757.530681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120757.530681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120757.530681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             673769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           779.825231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36018520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36018520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9003503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9003503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9003503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9003503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9003503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9003503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9004413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9004413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9004413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9004413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9004413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9004413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12806.593407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12806.593407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12806.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12806.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12806.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12806.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12141.705069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.705069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12141.705069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.705069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12141.705069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.705069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4061                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.248953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       42.040470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.484723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16312.474807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    103789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   103789                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          864                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              864                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            862                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                862                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1325                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1325                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    550962500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     550962500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76381000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     76381000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    627343500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        627523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    627343500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       627523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          864                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          864                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            864                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1940                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1940                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002315                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002315                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.317010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.753443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.649407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.753443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.649407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 160443.360513                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160443.360513                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124196.747967                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124196.747967                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154937.885898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154905.702296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154937.885898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154905.702296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3593                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3593                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    516622500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516622500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70231000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70231000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    586853500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    586853500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.649407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.649407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150443.360513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150443.360513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114196.747967                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114196.747967                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144937.885898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144905.702296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144937.885898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144905.702296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8108                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4057                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  489216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4051    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23503500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22276750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12484                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6238                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           22                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       110592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       600448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 711040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4065                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    230208                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.063708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10265     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     42      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1302000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8063000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
