
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3984776816625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120598889                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                223550632                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              328467163                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5605504133                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10390761069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12246720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12246720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         802151304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             802151304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2586435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2586435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2586435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        802151304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            804737740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191357                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        617                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      617                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12241920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   39936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12246848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     77                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267359500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191357                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  617                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.617718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.708931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.832058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43323     44.66%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43104     44.44%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9134      9.42%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1287      1.33%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          112      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4957.923077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4771.946535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1330.866919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.56%      2.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.56%      5.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      5.13%     10.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.56%     12.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.56%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      5.13%     20.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.56%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      7.69%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      7.69%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      7.69%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      2.56%     48.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      7.69%     56.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      7.69%     64.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            7     17.95%     82.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            4     10.26%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.56%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      5.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               39    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4726751250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8313251250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  956400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24711.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43461.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       801.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    802.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94359                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79528.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344319360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183021465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               679192500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1605313230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24541440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5202200760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105475680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9350537535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.453447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11681965250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274863500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3064570750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11408455875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348246360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185089740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686546700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2093220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1624392840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24443520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5198605200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92534400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9367261020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.548823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11642466000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9306000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    240976250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3105712125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11401489750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1601594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1601594                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            74646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1256314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  60208                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9371                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1256314                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            663031                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          593283                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26747                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     793512                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      75178                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154327                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1146                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1294834                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1329296                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4849025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1601594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            723239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29004611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 153456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54506                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1288653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9696                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30469303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.320975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.430429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28618414     93.93%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   24689      0.08%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613110      2.01%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   36264      0.12%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134295      0.44%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   80345      0.26%     96.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   92710      0.30%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30781      0.10%     97.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  838695      2.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30469303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.158804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  678995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28491289                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   904543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               317748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 76728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8057223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 76728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  781495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27142156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1042205                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1409987                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7704337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                93442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1036024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                322138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9168843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21206038                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10294571                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            51850                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3302855                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5865988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           377                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2010322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1338288                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             106884                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6426                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7266459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6067                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5321176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7160                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4519403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8922722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6067                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30469303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.174641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.772494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28331281     92.98%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             833947      2.74%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             448479      1.47%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             308837      1.01%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             297504      0.98%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             103551      0.34%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              87547      0.29%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34549      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23608      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30469303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14835     70.03%     70.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1574      7.43%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4244     20.03%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  338      1.60%     99.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              163      0.77%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              30      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22367      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4350802     81.76%     82.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1601      0.03%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14174      0.27%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19827      0.37%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              827964     15.56%     98.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              80556      1.51%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3801      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            84      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5321176                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.174267                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21184                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003981                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41090508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11749369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5084041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              49491                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             42564                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21680                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5294511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25482                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       840712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          219                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        64605                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1169                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 76728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24819056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               284545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7272526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1338288                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              106884                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81418                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         39495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        46704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               86199                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5214265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               793158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           106911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      868315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  621361                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     75157                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.170765                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5126831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5105721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3722375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5996733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.167211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4520336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            76724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29815626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.092338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.572767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28655287     96.11%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       521748      1.75%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       133997      0.45%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       341875      1.15%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61288      0.21%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32765      0.11%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7436      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5677      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        55553      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29815626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1378878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2753123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        539855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497576                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    476549                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16850                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2736145                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5004      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2181584     79.24%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            298      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11970      0.43%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14412      0.52%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         495138     17.98%     98.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         42279      1.54%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2438      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2753123                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                55553                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37033532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15202599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          65385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1378878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2753123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.144590                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.144590                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5485001                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4418869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38367                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19156                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3242625                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1442522                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2674542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           247826                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             380219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           247826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.534218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3541450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3541450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        41242                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         41242                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       383480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          383480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       383480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         383480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       438889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       438889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1037                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1037                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       439926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        439926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       439926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       439926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34409941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34409941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51563499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51563499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34461504499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34461504499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34461504499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34461504499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       781127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       781127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       823406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       823406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       823406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       823406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.534276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.534276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.534276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.534276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78402.377366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78402.377366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49723.721311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49723.721311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78334.775619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78334.775619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78334.775619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78334.775619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              879                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.362912                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       192099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       192099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19133404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19133404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49855499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49855499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19183259999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19183259999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19183259999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19183259999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.315951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024338                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024338                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.300978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.300978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77526.578416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77526.578416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48450.436346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48450.436346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77405.851659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77405.851659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77405.851659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77405.851659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5154612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5154612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1288653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1288653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1288653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1288653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1288653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1288653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1288653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1288653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1288653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1288653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1288653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1288653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191363                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      299959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.567487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.933957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.066043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4154347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4154347                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         55852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             55852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                56470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               56470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41529500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      41529500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18146045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18146045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18187574500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18187574500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18187574500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18187574500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       246798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        246798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           247827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               247827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          247827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              247827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.399417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.399417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.773693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.772139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.772139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.772139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.772139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101045.012165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101045.012165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95032.338986                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95032.338986                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95045.253113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95045.253113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95045.253113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95045.253113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190946                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190946                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37419500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37419500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16236595000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16236595000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16274014500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16274014500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16274014500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16274014500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.399417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.773693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.772139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.772139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.772139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91045.012165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91045.012165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85032.391357                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85032.391357                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85045.305372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85045.305372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85045.305372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85045.305372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        382706                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191356                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       574062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       574062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 574062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12286272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12286272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12286272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191357                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191357    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191357                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           452127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1034958500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       495653                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       247829                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          535                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            246797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          436196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       246798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       743479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                743479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16012928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16012928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191363                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 438634     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    553      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          250202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         371739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
