
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3145072889750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63209913                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                117036408                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174726761                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5523178527                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10226451552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11911104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11911104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        57792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           57792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         780168699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             780168699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3785334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3785334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3785334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        780168699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            783954033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186112                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        903                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      903                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11903616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   58752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11911168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                57792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267444500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  903                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.990726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.778209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.198499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45743     47.03%     47.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41891     43.07%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8420      8.66%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1049      1.08%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      0.11%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3317.596491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3217.304342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    827.107154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.75%      1.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            7     12.28%     14.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      5.26%     19.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.77%     28.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     10.53%     38.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9     15.79%     54.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            8     14.04%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      7.02%     75.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.26%     80.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      8.77%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.51%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      3.51%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.105263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.099494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.450564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               54     94.74%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4628668000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8116055500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  929970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24886.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43636.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       779.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    780.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    88862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81637.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342270180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181924710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               654102540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3085020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1574496750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24555360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5230339380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107716320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9323799300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.702112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11751042625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    280683750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2996823500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11470358875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352166220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187199760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               673894620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1706940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1615646190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24113760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5199782250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        99238080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9359056860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.011457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11659914625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9382500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    258750750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3087032250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11402318625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1856837                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1856837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            88826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1451929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  74185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1451929                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            765796                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          686133                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        34951                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     919519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     107791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       170624                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1675                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1498229                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5311                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1541047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5704996                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1856837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            839981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28815113                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 181220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43691                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1492918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.376826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.546946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28338377     92.93%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33261      0.11%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  689096      2.26%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   49224      0.16%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153361      0.50%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   92069      0.30%     96.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  107150      0.35%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37584      0.12%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  994010      3.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30494132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  810901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28127128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1118872                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               346621                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 90610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9618564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 90610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  927593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26805918                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         26014                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1267205                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1376792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9202247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                86348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1070818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                234957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10951132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25243007                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12421525                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72597                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4048180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6902952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           393                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2114018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1553409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             150785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8634423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7980                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6350835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5276990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10461631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7980                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.208264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.858743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28057564     92.01%     92.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             896405      2.94%     94.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             501560      1.64%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348284      1.14%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             356822      1.17%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             137335      0.45%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             114079      0.37%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              48643      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33440      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22138     73.50%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2306      7.66%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4925     16.35%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  486      1.61%     99.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              254      0.84%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            27570      0.43%      0.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5187258     81.68%     82.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2189      0.03%     82.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22633      0.36%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              28671      0.45%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              961761     15.14%     98.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             114827      1.81%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5905      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            21      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6350835                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.207988                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30118                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43164139                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13862008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6052044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              72039                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             57390                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        31936                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6316217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  37166                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       973795                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          291                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83171                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1152                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 90610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24580720                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               276194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8642403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1553409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              150785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                65126                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45350                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              103043                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6214594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               919001                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           136241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1026772                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  723588                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    107771                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.203526                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6111536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6083980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4487097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7268209                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.199248                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617359                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5277892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            90605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29735835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.113177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.654460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28386567     95.46%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       586034      1.97%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       159192      0.54%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       380348      1.28%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        75109      0.25%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45758      0.15%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11548      0.04%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8795      0.03%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        82484      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29735835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1687013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3365413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        647228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       579614                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    556190                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     27000                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3338092                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8145      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2666774     79.24%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            477      0.01%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19701      0.59%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         23088      0.69%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         575702     17.11%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         67614      2.01%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3912      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3365413                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                82484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38296656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18047907                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            340                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          40556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1687013                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3365413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.099853                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.099853                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.055249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.055249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6681258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5272977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    55966                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   27964                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3801809                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1725224                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3123110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           266863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             492883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           266863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.846951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4145639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4145639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       428706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         428706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        66518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         66518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       495224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          495224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       495224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         495224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       473374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       473374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       474470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        474470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       474470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       474470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34265713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34265713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74489499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74489499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34340202499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34340202499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34340202499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34340202499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       902080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       902080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        67614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       969694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       969694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       969694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       969694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.524758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.489299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.489299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.489299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72386.132318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72386.132318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67964.871350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67964.871350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72375.919445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72375.919445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72375.919445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72375.919445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28685                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              983                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.181078                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207607                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207607                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       265780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       266863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       266863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       266863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       266863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18928141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18928141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72254999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72254999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19000395999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19000395999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19000395999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19000395999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.275203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71217.326360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71217.326360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66717.450600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66717.450600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71199.064685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71199.064685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71199.064685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71199.064685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5971672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5971672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1492918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1492918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1492918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1492918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1492918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1492918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1492918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1492918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1492918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1492918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1492918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1492918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186137                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      340685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.830292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.726642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.273358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5054                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4454665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4454665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   423                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         80329                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             80329                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                80752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    80752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               80752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   80752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66010000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      66010000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17650375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17650375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17716385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17716385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17716385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17716385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       265780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        265780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           266863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               266863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          266863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              266863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.609418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.697761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.697761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.697403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.697403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.697403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.697403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100015.151515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100015.151515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95175.410216                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95175.410216                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95192.573249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95192.573249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95192.573249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95192.573249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  903                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       903                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185451                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185451                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     59410000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59410000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15795865000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15795865000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15855275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15855275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15855275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15855275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.697761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.697403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.697403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.697403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.697403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90015.151515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90015.151515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85175.410216                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85175.410216                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85192.573249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85192.573249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85192.573249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85192.573249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        372211                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       558322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       558322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 558322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11968896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11968896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11968896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186112    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           439584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1008221500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       533726                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       266863                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          315                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             47                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           43                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            265780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          449573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       265780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       800589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                800589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17240768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17240768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186137                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     57792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           453000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 452638     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    358      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             453000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          269387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         400294500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
