
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5526778573250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              132812573                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                246622896                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              353539648                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5735408810                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10650222439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12540608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12540736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821400756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821409139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1802540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1802540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1802540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821400756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823211680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195950                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        430                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195950                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      430                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12536512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12540800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267425000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195950                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  430                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.622383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.652654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.607047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41812     42.80%     42.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44890     45.95%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9544      9.77%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1285      1.32%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7488.592593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7286.549776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1785.205165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     11.11%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     11.11%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.70%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     18.52%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            5     18.52%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      7.41%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.41%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      7.41%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      7.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4830006250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8502812500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  979415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24657.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43407.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98257                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     375                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77744.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348439140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185211180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699270180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1425060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1637600880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24027360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5166613380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108768000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376664220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.164726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11612497125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    283608000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3134976750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11329515375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349017480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185518575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699327300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 829980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1638873690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24319200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5193365190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        84876480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9381436935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.477335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11610578125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9006000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    221039500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3137900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11389538625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1334937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1334937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            56519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              995573                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42080                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         995573                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            567498                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          428075                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17482                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     657334                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      47782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137854                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          739                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1110741                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5088                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1135136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3931530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1334937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            609578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29255013                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 116664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42556                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1105653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30493308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.259543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.286185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28963571     94.98%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15582      0.05%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  549266      1.80%     96.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   23406      0.08%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111527      0.37%     97.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   58571      0.19%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79292      0.26%     97.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21474      0.07%     97.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  670619      2.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30493308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.128756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  550479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28899118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   705251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               280128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 58332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6488182                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 58332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  633068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27656341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10115                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   830442                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1305010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6220520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                959785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                302236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7416125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17268011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8187327                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            39606                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2768227                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4647899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1817898                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1119601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              66857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3212                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5913930                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4308659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4643                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3607466                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7371068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3464                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30493308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.141299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.683846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28693097     94.10%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             732286      2.40%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             386034      1.27%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             261165      0.86%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             243501      0.80%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              73452      0.24%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              63877      0.21%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22884      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17012      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30493308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9775     67.55%     67.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1143      7.90%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3166     21.88%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  214      1.48%     98.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              147      1.02%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              26      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15512      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3534174     82.02%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 719      0.02%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9361      0.22%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              14203      0.33%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              680921     15.80%     98.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              50895      1.18%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2777      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            97      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4308659                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.141107                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14471                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003359                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39094037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9490596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4135833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              35705                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             34270                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15370                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4289213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18405                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       688599                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          164                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        39318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1036                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 58332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25721329                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5917395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1119601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               66857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1289                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13103                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                76719                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4235974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               657109                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            72687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      704877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  517725                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     47768                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.138727                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4165961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4151203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3005756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4835637                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.135950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3608297                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            58329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29977465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.507965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28963467     96.62%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       467076      1.56%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       116306      0.39%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308943      1.03%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50016      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25483      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4823      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3811      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37540      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29977465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1156178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2309931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        458541                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       431002                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    412170                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11044                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2298819                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3291      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1830547     79.25%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            194      0.01%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7926      0.34%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9432      0.41%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         429390     18.59%     98.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         27539      1.19%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1612      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2309931                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35858153                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12353576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          41380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1156178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2309931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.410023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.410023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037864                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037864                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4352759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3590531                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    27412                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13669                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2727523                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1172373                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2220279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             279014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.243289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2927644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2927644                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       251825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         251825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        26605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       278430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          278430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       278430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         278430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       396443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       396443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       397377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        397377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       397377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       397377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34244941500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34244941500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36467998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36467998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34281409498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34281409498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34281409498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34281409498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       648268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       648268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       675807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       675807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       675807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       675807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.611542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.588004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.588004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86380.492278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86380.492278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39044.965739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39044.965739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86269.234249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86269.234249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86269.234249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86269.234249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              690                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.994203                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       172952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       172960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       172960                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       172960                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19241947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19241947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34982498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34982498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19276929498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19276929498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19276929498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19276929498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033625                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033625                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86097.189596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86097.189596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37778.075594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37778.075594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85897.812991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85897.812991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85897.812991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85897.812991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4422614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4422614                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1105651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1105651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1105651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1105651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1105651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1105651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1105653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1105653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1105653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1105653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1105653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1105653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195958                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      245521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.252927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.021699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.129430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.848871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3784478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3784478                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         27813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             27813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                28469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               28469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195678                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195678                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26396000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      26396000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       191000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       191000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18590522500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18590522500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18616918500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18617109500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18616918500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18617109500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           926                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               926                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.291577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875552                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.875552                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.873142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.873144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.873142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.873144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97762.962963                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97762.962963                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95005.685361                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95005.685361                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95009.484659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95009.489666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95009.484659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95009.489666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195678                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195678                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23696000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23696000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       171000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       171000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16633752500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16633752500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16657448500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16657619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16657448500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16657619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.873144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.873144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87762.962963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87762.962963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85005.736465                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85005.736465                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85009.535693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85009.540699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85009.535693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85009.540699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391897                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195950                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       587846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       587846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 587846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12568256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12568256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12568256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195950    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463523000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1058899250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       448837                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224417                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          541                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          417744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       673249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                673255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14503424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14503680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195958                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420377                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419825     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    552      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420377                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         336624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
