
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001316                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1315723000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10993803493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              399397221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                748247664                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               81971824                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    16.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410677656                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12010048904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1461952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1471232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         9280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          9280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1026560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1026560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           22843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               22988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           7053156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1111139655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1118192811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      7053156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          7053156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       780225017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            780225017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       780225017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          7053156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1111139655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1898417828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       22988                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16040                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     22988                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16040                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1466944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1025728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1471232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1026560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1315627000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 22988                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16040                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   10414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        29111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.617670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.795359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.345787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23529     80.83%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4503     15.47%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          914      3.14%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          141      0.48%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      0.04%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        29111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.025126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.699554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.902273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             2      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             2      0.20%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15            11      1.11%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            40      4.02%      5.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           116     11.66%     17.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           196     19.70%     36.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           217     21.81%     58.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           163     16.38%     75.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           127     12.76%     87.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            72      7.24%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            26      2.61%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            11      1.11%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             7      0.70%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             3      0.30%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.107538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.100526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.498986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              943     94.77%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               16      1.61%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               19      1.91%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               15      1.51%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    831648500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1261417250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  114605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     36283.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55033.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1114.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       779.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1118.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    780.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     9071                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 39.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 4.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      33709.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                104029800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 55293150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                82017180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41906160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         103874160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            269061090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              2389920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       322898730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         4355520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              985825710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            749.265392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            719434750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       768250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      43940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     11347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     551532250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    708135500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                103801320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 55183095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                81638760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41754780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         103874160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            274840890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              2328480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       318734310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         3056640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              985212435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            748.799280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            706720750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      43940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      7953000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     564272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    698931000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 328515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           328515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            16410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              181780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               252                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         181780                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits             54133                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          127647                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2196                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     445997                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     205589                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        57423                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     163465                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           52                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    5                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                         2631446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            178145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       1575470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     328515                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             57211                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      2424890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  32912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          135                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           57                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   163439                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2702                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples           2619709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.066473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.566652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                 2190340     83.61%     83.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14613      0.56%     84.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   15756      0.60%     84.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   42447      1.62%     86.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   20963      0.80%     87.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   18766      0.72%     87.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   37408      1.43%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17074      0.65%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  262342     10.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total             2619709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.124842                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.598709                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  113368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              2163783                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   243697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                82405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 16456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               2414624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 16456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  150561                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1775119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   277732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               398499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               2327522                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                64326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                137329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                234744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  6799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            2664210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups              6182137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         3467602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups                4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              1725387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  938960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                51                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            58                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   469685                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              388954                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             239596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            38847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           12268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   2210474                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  2115238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6268                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         705718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       976667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           665                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2619709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.807432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.737667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1958648     74.77%     74.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             197415      7.54%     82.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             107674      4.11%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              92746      3.54%     89.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              83412      3.18%     93.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72079      2.75%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              49470      1.89%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32746      1.25%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25519      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        2619709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7087     16.68%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     16.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 21846     51.43%     68.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                13544     31.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20754      0.98%      0.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1424377     67.34%     68.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 147      0.01%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   15      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              457600     21.63%     89.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             212343     10.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              2      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               2115238                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.803831                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      42477                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020081                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           6898926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          2917072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1933328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  4                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                10                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               2136959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      2                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       116035                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       130007                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 16456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 843875                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               121754                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            2211336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               388954                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              239596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               325                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14622                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               101639                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          8375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               18158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              2076454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               445993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            38784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      651580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  214743                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    205587                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.789092                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       1935807                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      1933328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  1391523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  2234159                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.734702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         706653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            16432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2515104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.910406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2214159     88.03%     88.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        54258      2.16%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        27036      1.07%     91.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52757      2.10%     93.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        11783      0.47%     93.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6807      0.27%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10148      0.40%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8169      0.32%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       129987      5.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2515104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              836909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               1505735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        421352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       272942                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    182915                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  1493093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12513      0.83%      0.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1071746     71.18%     72.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            124      0.01%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         272942     18.13%     90.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        148410      9.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          1505735                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               129987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                     4597505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    4530122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             78                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          11737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     836909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1505735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.144244                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.144244                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.318041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.318041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 2995620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                1494549                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  1204446                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                  677225                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1120914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            79633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             226476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            79633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.843997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1949989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1949989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       167386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         167386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       147868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        147868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       315254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          315254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       315254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         315254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       151793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       151793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          542                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          542                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       152335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        152335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       152335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       152335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6404324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6404324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48559445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48559445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6452883445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6452883445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6452883445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6452883445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       319179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       148410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       467589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       467589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       467589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       467589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.475573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.325788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.325788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42191.168236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42191.168236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89593.071956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89593.071956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42359.821742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42359.821742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42359.821742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42359.821742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            35950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.503922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        72150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            72150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        72603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        72603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        72703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        72703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        72703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        72703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3131369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3131369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43779962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43779962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3175148962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3175148962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3175148962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3175148962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39542.480111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39542.480111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99049.687783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99049.687783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39872.776798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39872.776798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39872.776798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39872.776798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.435182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47598198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         315219.854305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.435182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           653909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          653909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       163256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       163256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       163256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       163439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       163439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       163439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       163439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       163439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       163439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100387.978142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100387.978142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100387.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100387.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100387.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100387.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100597.402597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.402597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100597.402597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.402597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100597.402597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.402597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     23138                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       68174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     23138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.946409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        4.706754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         4.566536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.726710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1299586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1299586                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        72150                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            72150                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          151                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              151                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         56756                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             56756                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                56788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               56788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              146                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        22434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           22434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  22988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 22988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42610500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      42610500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     15176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2384126500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2384126500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15176500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2426737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2441913500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15176500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2426737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2441913500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        72150                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        72150                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          151                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          151                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            154                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        79190                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         79190                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            79630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                79784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           79630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               79784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.927273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.927273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.948052                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.948052                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.283293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.948052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.286852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.288128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.948052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.286852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.288128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104437.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104437.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103948.630137                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103948.630137                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106272.911652                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106272.911652                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103948.630137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106240.127835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106225.574213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103948.630137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106240.127835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106225.574213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22434                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22434                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             22988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            22988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38530500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38530500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13726500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13726500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2159766500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2159766500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13726500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2198297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2212023500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13726500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2198297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2212023500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.927273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.948052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.948052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.288128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.948052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.288128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94437.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94437.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94017.123288                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94017.123288                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96272.020148                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96272.020148                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94017.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96239.252255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96225.139203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94017.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96239.252255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96225.139203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         46128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        23142                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         22580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        69117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        69117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2497856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2497856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2497856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             22990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   22990    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               22990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           115136500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               8.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          124354250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       159570                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        79799                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           19                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1315723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             79346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        88189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           14582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        79190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       238900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                239358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        19456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9714112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                9733568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           23138                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1026496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           102924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.018172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 102890     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     34      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             102924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          152086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             11.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         119450500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
