
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10732942919875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              117079812                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                218966912                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285067151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6270442550                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11727211125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10008832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10033216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9962048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9962048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1597134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655571258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657168393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1597134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1597134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652506940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652506940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652506940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1597134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655571258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309675333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156768                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10033152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9961984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10033152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9962048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267335000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156768                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.164678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.531014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.527522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2105      7.63%      7.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2250      8.16%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2060      7.47%     23.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1880      6.82%     30.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1356      4.92%     35.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1525      5.53%     40.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1305      4.73%     45.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1304      4.73%     49.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13790     50.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.123419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.071858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.597864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             53      0.55%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           101      1.04%      1.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9405     96.73%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           113      1.16%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            24      0.25%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             8      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.177181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9694     99.70%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2895056750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5834456750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18467.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37217.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143214                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141637                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48867.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98681940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52450695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561132600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406335240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1520158080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62275200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2075743350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       315623040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1582889040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7425220815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.346594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11771192000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42443750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6397333000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    821914625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3135842750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4552010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98189280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52196430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               558190920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              406189080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1515489210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64005600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2073562530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       307769760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588664220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409815350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.337547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11776789500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45946750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6428453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    801491625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547263000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1295584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1295584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1287066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1287066                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1247155                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39911                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5211                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351434                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1279839                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          928                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2654                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53112                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          298                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             77313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5673945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1295584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1251456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30415857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1832                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.375140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.641673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28841845     94.55%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40006      0.13%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42805      0.14%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224949      0.74%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27557      0.09%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9255      0.03%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9807      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25242      0.08%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1281287      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.185820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  409862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28650509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               792586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7587                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11372889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7587                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  687418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 278165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1156072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28356311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11336343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28062245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14434804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23987880                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13039535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           311054                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14149645                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  285159                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4921349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1288833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11270435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                952                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11203517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2091                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         187178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       273306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           825                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.367295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.241295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27457883     90.02%     90.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471180      1.54%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             548625      1.80%     93.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348700      1.14%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319811      1.05%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1045824      3.43%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119497      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             166223      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25010      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73170     94.24%     94.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  423      0.54%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   822      1.06%     95.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  234      0.30%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2752      3.54%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             245      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4667      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9478262     84.60%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 117      0.00%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  358      0.00%     84.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84172      0.75%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307921      2.75%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1239864     11.07%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46590      0.42%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41566      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11203517                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.366911                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77646                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52605796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11247854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10990257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             383728                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            210923                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188069                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11082995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193501                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14573                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          642                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7587                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  61370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               178344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11271387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1288833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               177763                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11186667                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1631061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1266277                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1279801                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.366359                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11181831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11178326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8156349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11437826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.366086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.713103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         187528                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30472325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.363747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.265090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27523018     90.32%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339931      1.12%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323505      1.06%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1126957      3.70%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64538      0.21%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       709699      2.33%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72674      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22318      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289685      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30472325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5477307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11084209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1611204                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336944                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1258799                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184351                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10986467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2368      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9388237     84.70%     84.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82035      0.74%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292623      2.64%     88.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1233258     11.13%     99.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44321      0.40%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11084209                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41454377                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22574491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5477307                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11084209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.574763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.574763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.179380                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.179380                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12795212                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8485257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290161                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145782                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6315169                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5625216                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4171217                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156442                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1452037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.281632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6644258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6644258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1119382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1119382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1462956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1462956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1462956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1462956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    403266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13976134497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13976134497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14379400497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14379400497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14379400497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14379400497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1274292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1274292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1621954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1621954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1621954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1621954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98646.281800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98646.281800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90220.996043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90220.996043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90437.618693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90437.618693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90437.618693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90437.618693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    89.635922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          102                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    168818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13820242997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13820242997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13989060997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989060997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13989060997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989060997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121556                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121556                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109055.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109055.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89221.571596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89221.571596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89417.824662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89417.824662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89417.824662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89417.824662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              28090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.068150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           212399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          212399                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61858.426966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61858.426966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61858.426966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61858.426966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61858.426966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61858.426966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44670500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44670500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44670500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44670500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61784.923928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61784.923928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61784.923928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61784.923928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61784.923928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61784.923928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157406                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.529318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.266534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.204148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2671742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2671742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          719                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              719                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154875                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154875                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          381                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              381                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13587622000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13587622000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40012000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40012000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    166045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    166045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13793679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13793679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          719                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.529903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977390                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977390                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.529903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.529903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87732.829701                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87732.829701                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105018.372703                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105018.372703                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109745.538665                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109745.538665                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105018.372703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87945.795074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87987.287027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105018.372703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87945.795074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87987.287027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154875                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154875                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          381                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          381                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1513                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1513                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12038872000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12038872000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36202000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36202000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12189787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12225989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12189787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12225989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.529903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77732.829701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77732.829701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95018.372703                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95018.372703                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99745.538665                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99745.538665                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95018.372703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77945.795074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77987.287027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95018.372703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77945.795074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77987.287027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313646                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156901                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19995264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19995264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19995264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156768    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824439250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314330                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157161                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          127                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            606                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          606                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19955200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20047232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9962304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313842     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    733      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1084500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234666996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
