
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10397061349125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114412824                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                213624148                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284094151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6148593231                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11480253508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9970176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9996032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9911616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9911616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1693549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653039318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654732868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1693549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649203681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649203681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649203681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1693549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653039318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303936548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156189                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9996096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9912384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9996096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9911616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156189                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    715.254895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   551.352645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.578397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2258      8.11%      8.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2486      8.93%     17.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1971      7.08%     24.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1889      6.79%     30.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1340      4.81%     35.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1650      5.93%     41.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1375      4.94%     46.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1430      5.14%     51.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13436     48.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.148041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.094454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.622959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             43      0.44%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           111      1.15%      1.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9341     96.57%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           128      1.32%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.194443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9634     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15      0.16%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.14%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2897190000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5825733750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18549.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37299.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140691                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49081.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99902880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53099640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560325780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405338220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1523240640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63610080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2088025710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       323556000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1570114620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7442007600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.446116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11761244500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319910000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6339622500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    842567750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3142389625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4579054250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98839020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52534185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554856540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403140600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1501085880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67959360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2081738610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       306209760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1595416080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7411966485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.478445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11764556250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6435142125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    797476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3099955750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4565220000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1336831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1336831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7601                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1328272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4387                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               923                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1328272                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287212                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41060                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5288                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     352203                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319494                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          919                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2700                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      54470                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          242                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             80481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5843575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1336831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291599                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30408690                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          984                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    54340                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2241                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.665473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28794758     94.41%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40562      0.13%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42590      0.14%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225468      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27630      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9710      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9675      0.03%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25661      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1322054      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043781                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  432209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28581698                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               834902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11704207                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708057                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 273630                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1199247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28294792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11666078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28002624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14848072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24690819                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13412330                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           314634                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14541687                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  306385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5048130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              364033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11596033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11524996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         199050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       288315                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           805                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.257015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27374076     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471353      1.55%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             567673      1.86%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347315      1.14%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             341589      1.12%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1083925      3.55%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119900      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167245      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25032      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73279     94.17%     94.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  425      0.55%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   851      1.09%     95.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  228      0.29%     96.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2782      3.58%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             250      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4684      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9759139     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 110      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  344      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84276      0.73%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308487      2.68%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279431     11.10%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46865      0.41%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41660      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11524996                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377439                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77815                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53243217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11581766                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11309739                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384980                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            214469                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188471                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11403976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194151                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27078                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          232                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          731                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  62673                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               172892                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11596965                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               364033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               400                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   394                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               172346                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           232                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7414                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9588                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11507060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               352025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1671475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305911                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319450                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376852                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11501874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11498210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8397341                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11797885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376562                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         199395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7691                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27439245     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340342      1.12%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322685      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1165499      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65533      0.22%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       748147      2.46%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72754      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22253      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290068      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5634165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11397915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650461                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336955                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298001                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184363                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11300169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2370      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9662688     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             85      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82037      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292632      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272496     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44323      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41010      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11397915                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290068                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41773768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23226771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36580                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5634165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11397915                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.419559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.419559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13156130                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8725640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290643                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146156                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6513108                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5784854                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4291655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155844                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.646749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6803148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6803148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       344153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         344153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1503384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1503384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1503384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1503384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    393862500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393862500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13933748998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13933748998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14327611498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14327611498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14327611498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14327611498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       348288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       348288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95250.906892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95250.906892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90298.878197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90298.878197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90428.115639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90428.115639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90428.115639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90428.115639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16629                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    89.886486                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    167090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13778537999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13778537999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945627999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945627999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945627999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945627999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107730.496454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107730.496454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89298.806840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89298.806840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89482.239098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89482.239098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89482.239098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89482.239098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.767721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11767826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         15902.467568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.767721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           218106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          218106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        53414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        53414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           53414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        53414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          53414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        54340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        54340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        54340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        54340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        54340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65201.943844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65201.943844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65201.943844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65201.943844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65201.943844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65201.943844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65635.388740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65635.388740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65635.388740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65635.388740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65635.388740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65635.388740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156837                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       62.750298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.569588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16282.680115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661973                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              404                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13546800000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13546800000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44273000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44273000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164268500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    164268500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13711068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13755341500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13711068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13755341500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            742                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544474                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.544474                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974855                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974855                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.544474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.544474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87811.138768                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87811.138768                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109586.633663                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109586.633663                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108643.187831                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108643.187831                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109586.633663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88013.329353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88069.131431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109586.633663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88013.329353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88069.131431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154869                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154869                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12004080000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12004080000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40233000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    149148500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149148500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12153228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12193461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12153228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12193461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77811.138768                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77811.138768                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99586.633663                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99586.633663                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98643.187831                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98643.187831                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99586.633663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78013.329353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78069.131431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99586.633663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78013.329353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78069.131431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312401                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156233                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19907648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19907648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19907648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156189    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932496500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821463500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313178                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156585                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            702                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          702                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309619                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3062                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19878016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19972864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156841                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9911872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312619     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    812      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312079000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233768998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
