
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4320658387375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64599744                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                119795558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              175017589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5635240222                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10450147888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12436288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12436288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        35584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         814567871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             814567871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2330726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2330726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2330726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        814567871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            816898597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        556                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      556                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12431232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12436288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267450000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  556                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.733773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.702801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.047773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42749     43.80%     43.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43987     45.07%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9395      9.63%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1303      1.34%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5709.342857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5487.852109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1479.355741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            2      5.71%      8.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      5.71%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      5.71%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      5.71%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            7     20.00%     45.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            5     14.29%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     14.29%     74.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     14.29%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      5.71%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.86%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               35    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4758995500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8400958000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  971190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24500.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43251.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    814.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96703                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78345.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345404640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183605895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               686882280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2035800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1613559420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24509760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5194700130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104907360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9360914325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.133119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11665642250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509773125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    273377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3082406750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11392265250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351487920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186789900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699969900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 887400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639308600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24350400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5192350020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        85293600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385132140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.719369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11609487750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9114000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509718500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    222260500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139023875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11387227250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1729779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1729779                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            86826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1413825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  68631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1413825                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            695472                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          718353                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        31244                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     832031                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      68996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       147903                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1312                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1338691                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1377431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5250718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1729779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            764103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28891117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 179718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        83627                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1329572                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10484                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30447704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.348565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.492207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28469053     93.50%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25854      0.08%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  626317      2.06%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   37424      0.12%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  139035      0.46%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  104636      0.34%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   92961      0.31%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34230      0.11%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  918194      3.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30447704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.171959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  729200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28320308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   989251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               319086                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 89859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8623411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 89859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  835646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26884341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1122718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1499367                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8214019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               133678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1021194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                446172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9787112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22535861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10980632                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            49528                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3142314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6644710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               275                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           371                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2013442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1428255                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             102792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5772                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7712608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5996                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5572033                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8641                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5100441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9855288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5996                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30447704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.183003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.796194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28257048     92.81%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             829472      2.72%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             453034      1.49%     97.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             309839      1.02%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             324519      1.07%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             117439      0.39%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              96505      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              36109      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23739      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30447704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14755     65.27%     65.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1462      6.47%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5823     25.76%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  333      1.47%     98.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              194      0.86%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              40      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            25464      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4561804     81.87%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1545      0.03%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12902      0.23%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18301      0.33%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              873647     15.68%     98.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74611      1.34%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3623      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           136      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5572033                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.182482                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      22607                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004057                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41576942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12777066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5300104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              46076                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41986                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19903                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5545410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23766                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       949255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          231                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        65990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           61                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1081                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 89859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24240069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               311657                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7718604                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1428255                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              102792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               115881                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         44096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56460                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              100556                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5447225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               831669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           124808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      900633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  630641                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     68964                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.178395                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5345237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5320007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3933862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6240496                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.174228                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5101401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            89853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29701925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.555571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28588995     96.25%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       507089      1.71%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123236      0.41%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       322677      1.09%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65576      0.22%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33508      0.11%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7472      0.03%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5154      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        48218      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29701925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1311044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2618090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        515792                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       478990                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    456298                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14882                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2603196                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6475                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4408      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2074308     79.23%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            259      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10639      0.41%     79.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12684      0.48%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         476792     18.21%     98.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         36802      1.41%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2198      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2618090                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                48218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37373198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16187202                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          86984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1311044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2618090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.290361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.290361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5640274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4629699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    35229                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17551                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3257200                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1487884                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2785832                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           239857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             406363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           239857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.694189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3670293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3670293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       385835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         385835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        35784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       421619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          421619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       421619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         421619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       434972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       434972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       435990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        435990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       435990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       435990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35304709500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35304709500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46322999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46322999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35351032499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35351032499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35351032499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35351032499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       820807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       820807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        36802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       857609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       857609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       857609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       857609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.529932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.508379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.508379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81165.476169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81165.476169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45503.928291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45503.928291                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81082.209452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81082.209452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81082.209452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81082.209452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.492593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       238849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19247435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19247435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44395000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44395000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19291830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19291830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19291830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19291830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027390                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027390                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80584.113812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80584.113812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44042.658730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44042.658730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80430.548202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80430.548202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80430.548202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80430.548202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5318288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5318288                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1329572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1329572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1329572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1329572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1329572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1329572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1329572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1329572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1329572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194326                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      279077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.436128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.364784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.635216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4030134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4030134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               673                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   673                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         44867                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             44867                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                45540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               45540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193982                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35506500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35506500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18390567000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18390567000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18426073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18426073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18426073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18426073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        238849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           239857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               239857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          239857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              239857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.332341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.812153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.812153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.810137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.810137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.810137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.810137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105989.552239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105989.552239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94805.533503                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94805.533503                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94824.814607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94824.814607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94824.814607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94824.814607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  556                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       556                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193982                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193982                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32156500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32156500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16450747000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16450747000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16482903500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16482903500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16482903500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16482903500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.812153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.810137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.810137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.810137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.810137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95989.552239                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95989.552239                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84805.533503                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84805.533503                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84824.814607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84824.814607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84824.814607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84824.814607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388626                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194314                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       582943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       582943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 582943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12471872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12471872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12471872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194317    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458042000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050580250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       479714                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       239859                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          511                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            238849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       238849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       719571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                719571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15496128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15496128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194326                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433652     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    530      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          242127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         359785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
